

Group Health (Floater) Insurance
Customer Information Sheet
DISCLAIMERNOTE:Theinformationmentionedbelowisillustrativeandnotexhaustive.Theinformationmustbereadin 
conjunctionwiththepolicy wordings. In case of any conflict between the Customer Information Sheet and the policy wordings, 
the terms and conditions mentioned in the policy wordings shall prevail.
S. NoTitleDescriptionPolicy Clause Number
1Product NameGroup Health (Floater) Insurance
2What am I Covered
for
The policy provides indemnification of medical expenses
incurred by the Insured during day care treatment,
hospitalization, domiciliary hospitalization, for any illness or
injury suffered during the Policy Period.
a.Policy schedule
3
Optional Add On
Covers
 •
Cover for Pre-Existing Diseases
d. Benefits covered under the
policy 
 •
Maternity Expenses
 •
Out Patient Department (OPD) Expenses
 •
HIV
 •
Cost of Prescribed External Medical Aid
 •
Baby Day One Cover
 •
Critical Illnesses Cover
 •
Travel Expenses For Medical Treatment
 •
Dental Expenses
 •
Cover for Alternate Methods Of Treatment
 •
Donor Expenses
 •
Ambulance Charges
 •
Pre and Post Hospitalization
 •
Health Check-Up
 •
Disease-Wise Sub-Limit 
 •
Domiciliary Hospitalization 
 •
Treatment Outside India 
 •
Convalescence Benefit
 •
Loss of Wages/Salary Due To Hospitalization (Hospital
Daily Cash Allowance) 
 •
Cover for Allied Hospital Charges 
 •
Limit on Room Rent, Nursing Charges, Consultation Fees,
Diagnostic Charges, OT Charges etc. 
 •
Wellness & Preventive Care
4Waiting Period
 •
Initial Waiting Period
e.Exclusions
 •
Pre Existing Disease : 1 year
 •
Specific Waiting Periods Maternity Expenses: 9 months
5
What are the major
exclusions in the
Policy
 •
Pre-Existing Diseases
e. Exclusions
 •
Circumcision, plastic surgery Cost of spectacles, contact
lenses, hearing aids, etc. 
 •
Dental treatment or surgery of any kind unless requiring
hospitalization.
 •
Convalescence, Sterility, general debility,
 •
Intentional self-Injury and use of intoxicating drugs and/or
alcohol
 •
Voluntary medical termination of pregnancy during the first
12 weeks from the date of conception
 •
Naturopathy treatment
 •
(Note: the above is a partial listing of the policy
exclusions. Please refer to the policy clauses for the
full listing)
6Payment Basis
 •
Cashless or Reimbursement claims of covered medical
g. Other Terms and Conditions
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited
IRDA Reg. No. 115CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408UIN:ICIHLGP21381V052021GROUP HEALTH (FLOATER) INSURANCE
Mailing Address:Registered Office AddressToll free no:1800 2666
601 & 602, 6th Floor, Interface 16
New Linking Road, Malad (West)
Mumbai - 400 064
ICICI Lombard House,414, Veer Savarkar
Marg,Near Siddhi Vinayak Temple,
Prabhadevi, Mumbai 400 025
Alternate no:86552 22666 (chargeable)
E-mail:customersupport@icicilombard.com
Website:www.icicilombard.com

 •
expenses up to specified Sum Insured as per the scope of
cover
7Loss Sharing
 •
In case of a claim, this policy requires you to share the
following costs:
a. Policy schedule
 •
Expenses exceeding the sub limits 
 •
Room/ICU changes
8Renewal Conditions
 •
The Policy can be renewed as a separate contract under the
then prevailing ICICI Lombard Group Health (Floater)
Insurance product or its nearest substitute (in case the
product ICICI Lombard Group Health (Floater) Insurance is
withdrawn by the Company) approved by IRDA.
f. General Terms and Clauses
 •
The policy shall ordinarily be renewable except on grounds
of fraud, moral hazard or misrepresentation or non-
cooperation by the insured.
9Cancellation
 •
The Policy shall be void and all premium paid hereon shall
be forfeited to the Company, in the event of
misrepresentation, misdescription or non-disclosure of any
material fact.
f. General Terms and Clauses
 •
Insured or the Company may cancel this Policy by giving
the Company or the insured, as the case may be, 15 days
written notice for the cancellation of the Policy, and then
the Company shall refund premium on short term rates (if
initiated by the insured) or pro rata rates (if initiated by the
Company) for the unexpired Policy Period. The Company
shall follow the below short period scale unless otherwise
mutually agreed.
10Claims
 •
For  Cashless  Service
g. Other terms & conditions
 •
Cashless treatment is only available at our Network
Provider Please refer www@icicilombard.com for updated
list of our Network Providers
 •For  Reimbursement of  claim
 •
Claims should be intimated 48 hours prior to Hospitalization
or within 24 hours post admission in case of emergency
 •
Document to be submitted within 30 days from the date of
completion of treatment
11Policy
Servicing/Grievance
s/Complaints
 •
Call the Company at the toll free number 1800 266 or email
us at customersupport@icicilombard.com
g. Other terms & conditions
 •
In case of Insured is not satisfied, he/she mayapproach  us
at  the  sub  section  "GrievanceRedressal" on
www@icicilombard.com Otherwise Insured may use IGMS
 •
If the issue remains unresolved, Insured may approach
Ombudsman
12Insured's Obligations
 •
Disclosure of Material Information during the Policy Periodf. General Terms and Clauses
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited
IRDA Reg. No. 115CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408UIN:ICIHLGP21381V052021GROUP HEALTH (FLOATER) INSURANCE
Mailing Address:Registered Office AddressToll free no:1800 2666
601 & 602, 6th Floor, Interface 16
New Linking Road, Malad (West)
Mumbai - 400 064
ICICI Lombard House,414, Veer Savarkar
Marg,Near Siddhi Vinayak Temple,
Prabhadevi, Mumbai 400 025
Alternate no:86552 22666 (chargeable)
E-mail:customersupport@icicilombard.com
Website:www.icicilombard.com

Group Health (Floater) Insurance
a. POLICY SCHEDULE 
Insured Detail 
Policy Number: 4016/X/293159700/00/000
Issued At: MUMBAI
Name of the Insured: ADSPARC TECH INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED
Mailing Address of the Insured: 12B GROUND FLOOR PLOT NO 221 225 RANGARI BLDG N M
JOSHI, MARG CURRY ROAD DELISLE ROAD  MUMBAI CITY
MAHARASHTRA INDIA , MAHARASHTRA - 400013
41
Politically Exposed Person (PEP)/close relative of PEP:No
Intermediary Details 
Agency/Broker Code
: 
201822858435
Agency/Broker Name
: 
PLUM BENEFITS PRIVATE LIMITED
Agent's/Broker's Mobile No.
: 
9999676764
Agent's/Broker's Email ID
: 
care@plumhq.com
Policy Details
Period of Insurance
: From: 00:00 Hours of May 02, 2023 To Midnight May 01, 2024
Product
:GROUP HEALTH (FLOATER) INSURANCE
Total Lives Insured
: 52
Sum Insured
: 
`1,40,00,000.00
Details of Person Insured
: As per Annexure Premium Computation
Basic Premium
: 
`4,45,130.00
Stamp Duty
: 
`0.50
*Total Premium
: 
`5,25,254.00
*Premium value mentioned above is inclusive of taxes applicable 
Coverages
1Baby Day 1Baby covered from day1 within Family Sum Insured
2Health Assistance ServicesHealth Assistance is a dedicated medical care service that assists you in
all your  health related queries for identifying Specialist/Hospital/fixing an
appointment with Doctors/Nutritionist /facilitating 2nd opinion, etc.  To avail
this facility please call our Helpline at 040 6627 4205 (9:30 am to 6 pm
Mon to Sat, excluding public holidays)  or write to
healthassistance@icicilombard.com.
3Special ConditionPolicy also covers hospitalization arising out of Psychiatric ailments within
a limit of Rs.30000 as well as treatment of Functional Endoscopic Sinus
Surgery within a limit of Rs.35000 The coverage for treatment of mental
illness is also covered upto Rs 30000 within the sum insured.
4Special Condition 1Lasik Surgery is covered if correction index is +/-6.5
5Special Condition 5Attendant charges are cover upto Rs 5,000 (Per life incase case of
Employee only policy or else it''s Per Family within Family sum insured)
if  length of stay for the patient is more than 5 days. Add on covers cost
pertaining to boarding and lodging of the attendant in a hospital/location
prescribed by treating Medical Practitioner on reimbursement basis by
presenting original Bills for each cost incurred.
6Special Condition 850% Co-Pay for cyberknife treatment/Stem Cell Transplantation.
Cochlear Implant treatment shall be restricted to 50% of the SI.
7Mid-Term InclusionMid term inclusion of dependents will be possible only in case of:a) spouse
(on account of marriage during the policy term)  b) children (childbirth
during the policy term but after the the child has completed 91 days of
age) subject to not more than four children
8Age Band1 day to 80 years
9Ambulance ServiceAmbulance Charges limited to Rs 1000 per person.
10Co-PaymentFor employee only 0% co-pay for all claims.
11Pre-Post HospitalisationPre Hospitalisation and Post Hospitalisation for 30-60 days respectively
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited
IRDA Reg. No. 115CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408UIN:ICIHLGP21381V052021GROUP HEALTH (FLOATER) INSURANCE
Mailing Address:Registered Office AddressToll free no:1800 2666
601 & 602, 6th Floor, Interface 16
New Linking Road, Malad (West)
Mumbai - 400 064
ICICI Lombard House,414, Veer Savarkar
Marg,Near Siddhi Vinayak Temple,
Prabhadevi, Mumbai 400 025
Alternate no:86552 22666 (chargeable)
E-mail:customersupport@icicilombard.com
Website:www.icicilombard.com

Coverages
are covered.
12Disease wise sublimitsNo SubLimits
13TransactionNew Business
14OPD/IPDBOTH OPD/IPD
15Add-Del of LivesPremium to be charged on Pro Rata Basis for addition/deletion
endorsement. No Refund for deletion-if lives less than minimum required
and if insured has claimed during policy
16ExclusionSeptoplasty, Infertility and Related Ailments incl.''Male sterility'';
Treatment on trial/experimental basis; Admin/Registration/Service/Misc.
Charges; Expenses on fitting of Prosthesis;  Any
device/instrument/machine contributing/replacing the function of an organ;
Holter Monitoring are outside the scope of the policy.
17Claim submission clauseClaim must be filed within 30 days from the date of completion of
treatment.  However, the Company may at its discretion consider waiver
based on merits of the claim, where there  is delay in intimation or in
submission of documents due to unavoidable circumstances and it is
proved  that the delay was for reasons beyond the control of the insured
and under the circumstances in which the  insured was placed it was not
possible for him or any other person to give such notice or file claim within
the prescribed time-limit
18Special Condition 4Air Ambulance is covered upto Rs 100,000 or family sum insured
whichever is less.
19Special Condition 7Internal Congenital disease is covered and External congenital disease is
covered in life threatning situation.
20TerminationPolicy will cease to  be in effect from the date of termination of
relationship with the organization.
21Room Rent2% of SI(500000) maximum upto Rs.10000 for Normal and 4% of
SI(500000) maximum upto Rs.20000 for ICU (inclusive of nursing
charges) . If insured is admitted in a higher category, then insured will bear
difference of all medical expenses as in final hospital bill in same
proportion.
22Maternity Benefit for Normal &
C-Section
For Metro 50000-50000 for Normal and C-section respectively & for
Non-Metro 50000-50000 for Normal and C-section respectively for First 2
children.
23Co-PaymentFor children only 0% co-pay for all claims.
24Pre-Existing DiseasePre-Existing diseases are covered
25Claim Intimation and Network
clause
Waived Off
26ID CardsPhysical cards will not be issued
27Service CategoryBoth (Cashless + Reimbursement)
28Special Condition 6Lucentis is covered upto Rs 50,000 Per family within the Sum Insured
29Domiciliary HospitalisationExcluded
30Day Care ProceduresDay Care Procedures are Covered as per the standard list
31Special Condition 2Terrorism is covered
32PortabilityPortability is available on this product as per IRDA directive and product
features
33Reasonable and Customary
Charges
Waived Off
34Family DefinitionEmployee, spouse , 4 dependent children upto 25 yrs. of Age   covered
under policy.
35Pre/Post Natal ExpensePre-Post Natal Expenses to the limit of Rs 5000 is covered Within
Maternity Limit
36OPD CoverOPD Per Family is covered subject to a maximum of Rs.5000 Claims
pertaining to each Insured can be lodged only once during the Period of
Insurance. The Company shall not receive any claims prior to completion
of 90 days of the commencement of the Policy. Claims under this Benefit
shall be payable only onRe-imbursement  basis. No claim shall be
admissible under this Benefit 30 days after policy expires.
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited
IRDA Reg. No. 115CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408UIN:ICIHLGP21381V052021GROUP HEALTH (FLOATER) INSURANCE
Mailing Address:Registered Office AddressToll free no:1800 2666
601 & 602, 6th Floor, Interface 16
New Linking Road, Malad (West)
Mumbai - 400 064
ICICI Lombard House,414, Veer Savarkar
Marg,Near Siddhi Vinayak Temple,
Prabhadevi, Mumbai 400 025
Alternate no:86552 22666 (chargeable)
E-mail:customersupport@icicilombard.com
Website:www.icicilombard.com

Coverages
37Co-PaymentFor spouse only 0% co-pay for all claims.
38Sum InsuredSI is restricted to Rs. 500000 per family during the policy period as per
annexure attached herewith.
39First time GHI policy DeclarationPolicy Underwritten considering it as a First time policy
40Policy ConstructEmployer Employee
40
Conditions 
1No. of Employees: 28
2No. of Dependants: 24
3Third Party Administrator (TPA)/ In house:  
For TPA Address and Contact details please visit our website
www.icicilombard.com (Download Section)
Policy shall stand cancelled ab initio in the event of non realisation of the premium. 
Disclaimer: This document to be read in conjunction with the Schedule II & Schedule III of the policy.
GSTIN Reg. No: 29AAACI7904G1ZJ
IL GIC GSTIN Address: 414, ICICI Lombard House Veer Sawarkar Marg Mumbai-Prabhadevi Maharashtra 400025
HSN SAC code: 997133 GENERAL INSURANCE SERVICES
Signed for and on behalf of the ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited at Mumbai on May 02, 2023
Yours sincerely
Authorized Signatory
For ICICI LOMBARD GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED
Scan QR for Key Information Sheet and Policy-wordings.
To view Policy- wordings on our website
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited
IRDA Reg. No. 115CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408UIN:ICIHLGP21381V052021GROUP HEALTH (FLOATER) INSURANCE
Mailing Address:Registered Office AddressToll free no:1800 2666
601 & 602, 6th Floor, Interface 16
New Linking Road, Malad (West)
Mumbai - 400 064
ICICI Lombard House,414, Veer Savarkar
Marg,Near Siddhi Vinayak Temple,
Prabhadevi, Mumbai 400 025
Alternate no:86552 22666 (chargeable)
E-mail:customersupport@icicilombard.com
Website:www.icicilombard.com

 
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited 
IRDA Reg. No. 115                                    CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408                              UIN     : ICIHLGP21381V052021     Group Health (Floater) Insurance 
Mailing Address:                                       Registered Office Address:                                    Toll free no   : 1800 2666 
601 & 602, 6th Floor, Interface 16,             ICICI Lombard House, 414, Veer Savarkar Marg,     Alternate no :  86552 22666 (chargeable)  
New Linking Road, Malad (West)               Near Siddhi Vinayak Temple, Prabhadevi,                E-mail           : customersupport@icicilombard.com 
Mumbai - 400 064                                       Mumbai 400 025                                                        Website        : www.icicilombard.com 
GROUP HEALTH (FLOATER) INSURANCE 
b. Preamble 
ICICI  Lombard  General  Insurance  Company  Limited  ("the 
Company"), having received a Proposal and the premium from 
the Proposer named in the Schedule referred to herein below, 
and  the  said  Proposal  and  Declaration  together  with  any 
statement, report or other document leading to the issuance of 
this  policy  and  referred  to  therein  having  been  accepted  and 
agreed to by the Company and the Proposer as the basis of this 
contract do, by this Policy agree, in consideration of and subject 
to the due receipt of the subsequent premiums, as set out in the 
Schedule with all its Parts, and further, subject to the terms and 
conditions contained in this Policy, as set out in the Schedule 
with all its Parts, that on proof to the satisfaction of the Company 
of the compensation having become payable as set out in Part 
(a) of  the  Schedule  to  the  title  of  the  said  person  or  persons 
claiming  payment  or  upon  the  happening  of  an  event  upon 
which one or more benefits become payable under this Policy, 
the   Sum   Insured/appropriate   benefit   will   be   paid   by   the 
Company. 
c. DEFINITIONS 
For the purposes of this policy, the terms specified below shall 
have the meaning set forth wherever appearing/specified in this 
Policy or related Extensions/Endorsements: 
Where the context so requires, references to the singular shall 
also  include  references  to  the  plural  and  references  to  any 
gender  shall  include  references  to  all  genders.  Further  any 
references to statutory enactment include subsequent changes 
to the same. 
I. Standard  Definitions  whose  wordings  are  specified  by 
IRDAI 
1. Accident:  An  accident  means  sudden,  unforeseen  and 
involuntary  event  caused  by  external,  visible  and  violent 
means. 
2. Admission means admission of the insured in a Hospital 
as  an  inpatient  for  the  purpose  of  medical  treatment  of  an 
Injury and/or Illness. 
3. Alternative treatments are forms of treatments other than 
treatment   "Allopathy"  or  "modern   medicine"  and   include 
Ayurveda,   Unani,   Sidha  and   Homeopathy  in  the   Indian 
context. 
4.  Annual Sum  Insured means  and  denotes  the  maximum 
amount  of  cover  available  to  the  insured  during  each  Policy 
Year of the Policy Period, as stated in the Policy Schedule or 
any revisions thereof based on Claim settled under the Policy. 
5.  Any One  Illness means  continuous  period  of  illness  and 
includes   relapse   within   45   days   from   the   date   of   last 
consultation with the Hospital/Nursing Home where treatment 
was taken. 
6.  Contribution is  essentially  the  right  of  an  insurer  to  call 
upon other insurers, liable to the same insured, to share the 
cost of an indemnity claim on a rate able proportion of Sum 
Insured. This clause shall not apply to any Benefit offered on 
fixed benefit basis. 
7. Congenital Anomaly means a condition which is present 
since  birth,  and  which  is  abnormal  with  reference  to  form, 
structure or position. 
a) Internal   Congenital   Anomaly -Congenital   anomaly 
which is not in the visible and accessible parts of the body 
b) External  Congenital  Anomaly- Congenital  anomaly 
which is in the visible and accessible parts of the body 
8. Condition Precedent Condition Precedent means a policy 
term or condition upon which the Insurer's liability under the 
policy is conditional upon. 
9.  Co-payment  means a  cost  sharing  requirement  under  a 
health insurance policy that provides that the 
policyholder/insured  will  bear  a  specified  percentage  of  the 
admissible claims amount. A co- payment does not reduce the 
Sum Insured. 
10. Cashless Facility means a facility extended by the insurer 
to the insured where the payments, of the costs of treatment 
undergone by the insured in accordance with the policy terms 
and conditions, are directly made to the network provider by 
the insurer to the extent pre- authorization approved. 
11. Cumulative Bonus means any increase or addition in the 
Sum  Insured  granted  by  the  insurer  without  an  associated 
increase in premium. 
12.  Day Care Treatment  means  medical  treatment,  and/or 
surgical procedure which is: 
a)  Undertaken under  General  or  Local Anaesthesia in  a 
hospital/day  care  centre  in  less  than  24  hrs  because  of 
technological advancement, and 
b) Which would  have  otherwise  required  hospitalization  of 
more  than  24  hours.  Treatment  normally  taken  on  an  out-
patient basis is not included in the scope of this definition 
13. Day care canter A day care canter means any institution 
established for day care treatment of illness and/or injuries or 
a medical setup with a hospital and which has been registered 
with  the  local  authorities,  wherever  applicable,  and  is  under 
supervision of a registered and qualified medical practitioner 
AND must comply with all minimum criterion as under 
a) Has qualified nursing staff under its employment 
b) Has qualified medical practitioner/s in charge; 
c) Has a fully equipped operation theatre of its own where 
surgical procedures are carried out 
d) Maintains daily records of patients and will make these 
accessible    to    the    Insurance    Company's    authorized 
personnel. 
14. Deductible means  a  cost  sharing  requirement  under  a 
health insurance policy that provides that the insurer will not 
be  liable  for  a  specified  rupee  amount  in  case  of  indemnity   
policies  and  for a specified number of days/hours in case of 

 
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited 
IRDA Reg. No. 115                                    CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408                              UIN     : ICIHLGP21381V052021     Group Health (Floater) Insurance 
Mailing Address:                                       Registered Office Address:                                    Toll free no   : 1800 2666 
601 & 602, 6th Floor, Interface 16,             ICICI Lombard House, 414, Veer Savarkar Marg,     Alternate no :  86552 22666 (chargeable)  
New Linking Road, Malad (West)               Near Siddhi Vinayak Temple, Prabhadevi,                E-mail           : customersupport@icicilombard.com 
Mumbai - 400 064                                       Mumbai 400 025                                                        Website        : www.icicilombard.com 
hospital cash policies which will apply before any benefits are 
payable by the insurer. A deductible does not reduce the Sum 
Insured.   (Insurers   to   define   whether   the   deductible   is 
applicable  per  year,  per  life  or  per  event  and  the  manner  of 
applicability of the specific deductible). 
15. Proportionate deduction- 
i) When   higher   room  category   is   chosen,   following 
expenses   are   not   allowed   under   'associate   medical 
expenses' - Cost   of   pharmacy/consumables,   Cost   of 
implants/medical devices, C o s t o f diagnostics. 
ii) Proportionate    deductions    not    allowed    for    ICU 
expenses 
16. Domiciliary hospitalization means medical treatment for 
an  illness/disease/injury  which  in  the  normal  course  would 
require care and treatment at a hospital but is actually taken 
while   confined   at   home under   any   of   the   following 
circumstances: 
a) The condition of the patient is such that he/she is not 
in a condition to be removed to a hospital, or 
b) The patient  takes  treatment  at  home  on  account  of 
non-availability of room in a hospital. 
17.  Dental treatment means a  treatment  related  to  teeth  or 
structures  supporting  teeth  including  examinations,  fillings 
(where appropriate), crowns, extractions and surgery. 
18. Disclosure to information norm means the Policy shall 
be void and all premium paid hereon shall be forfeited to the 
Company, in the event of misrepresentation, mis-description 
or non- disclosure of any material fact. 
19. Emergency Care: Emergency care means management 
for an illness or injury which results in symptoms which occur 
suddenly and unexpectedly, and requires immediate care by 
a  medical  practitioner  to  prevent  death  or  serious  long  term 
impairment of the insured person's health. 
20.Grace Period: Grace Period means the specified period of 
time immediately following the premium due date during which 
a payment can be made to renew or continue a policy in force 
without loss of continuity benefits such as waiting periods and 
coverage of pre-existing diseases. Coverage is not available 
for the period for which no premium is received. 
21. Hospital means any institution established for in- patient 
care  and  day  care  treatment  of  illness  and/or  injuries  and 
which  has  been      registered  as  a hospital      with     the  local   
authorities  under  the  Clinical  Establishments  (Registration 
and  Regulations)  Act  2010  or  under  enactments  specified 
under  the  Schedule  of  Section  56(1)  of  the  said  Act  OR 
comply with all minimum criteria as under: 
a) Has at least 10 in-patient beds, in those towns having 
a population of less than 10, 00,000 and 15 inpatient beds 
in all other places; 
b) Has qualified nursing staff under its employment round 
the clock; 
c) Has  qualified  medical  practitioner(s)  in  charge  round 
the clock; 
d) Has a fully equipped operation theatre of its own where 
surgical procedures are carried out 
e) Maintains daily records of patients and will make these 
accessible    to    the    Insurance    Company's    authorized 
personnel. 
22.  Hospitalisation means  admission  in  a  Hospital  for  a 
minimum  period  of  24  consecutive  "In  patient  Care"  hours 
except  for  specified  Procedures/Treatments,  where  such 
admission could be for a period of less than 24 consecutive 
hours. 
23.  Inpatient care  means  treatment  for  which  the  insured 
person has to stay in a hospital for more than 24 hours for a 
covered event. 
24.  Illness means  a  sickness  or  disease  or  pathological 
condition  leading  to the  impairment of  normal  physiological 
function and requires medical treatment. 
a) Acute  condition  is  a  disease,  illness  or  injury  that  is 
likely  to  respond quickly  to  treatment  which  aims  to  return 
the person to his or her state of health immediately before 
suffering   the   disease/illness/injury   which   leads   to   full 
recovery. 
b) Chronic  condition  is  defined  as  a  disease,  illness,  or 
injury that has one or more of the following characteristics:- 
1) It  needs  ongoing  or  long-term  monitoring  through 
consultations, examinations, check- ups, and / or tests 
2) It  needs  ongoing  or  long-term  control  or  relief  of 
symptoms 
3) It  requires  rehabilitation  of  the  insured  or  for  the 
insured to be specially trained to cope with it 
4) It continues indefinitely 
5) It recurs or is likely to recur 
25.   Injury means   any   accidental   physical   bodily   harm, 
excluding  illness  or  disease  solely  and  directly  caused  by 
external, violent, visible and evident means which is verified 
and certified by a Medical Practitioner. 
26.  Intensive Care  Unit Intensive  care  unit means  an 
identified  section,  ward  or  wing  of  a  hospital  which  is  under 
the     constant     supervision     of     a     dedicated     medical 
practitioner(s),   and   which   is   specially   equipped   for   the 
continuous monitoring and treatment of patients who are in a 
critical condition, or require life support facilities and where the 
level    of    care    and    supervision    is    considerably    more 
sophisticated  and  intensive  than  in  the  ordinary  and  other 
wards. 
27. ICU Charges  
ICU   (Intensive   Care   Unit)   Charges   means   the   amount 
charged  by  a  Hospital  towards  ICU  expenses  which  shall 
include  the  expenses  for  ICU  bed,  general  medical  support 

 
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited 
IRDA Reg. No. 115                                    CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408                              UIN     : ICIHLGP21381V052021     Group Health (Floater) Insurance 
Mailing Address:                                       Registered Office Address:                                    Toll free no   : 1800 2666 
601 & 602, 6th Floor, Interface 16,             ICICI Lombard House, 414, Veer Savarkar Marg,     Alternate no :  86552 22666 (chargeable)  
New Linking Road, Malad (West)               Near Siddhi Vinayak Temple, Prabhadevi,                E-mail           : customersupport@icicilombard.com 
Mumbai - 400 064                                       Mumbai 400 025                                                        Website        : www.icicilombard.com 
services  provided  to  any  ICU  patient  including  monitoring 
devices, critical care nursing and intensivist charges. 
28. Maternity Expenses means 
a) Medical  treatment  expenses  traceable  to  childbirth 
(including  complicated  deliveries  and caesarean sections 
incurred during hospitalization) 
b) Expenses   towards   lawful   medical   termination   of 
pregnancy during the policy period 
29. Medical Advise means any consultation or advice from a 
Medical Practitioner including the issuance of any prescription 
or follow-up prescription. 
30.  Medical Expenses means  those  expenses  that  an 
Insured  Person  has  necessarily  and  actually  incurred  for 
medical  treatment  on  account  of  Illness  or  Accident  on  the 
advice of a Medical Practitioner, as long as these are no more 
than would have been payable if the Insured Person had not 
been insured and no more than other hospitals or doctors in 
the  same  locality  would  have charged  for the  same medical 
treatment. 
31. Medical Practitioner means a person who holds a valid 
registration  from  Medical  Council  of  any  State  or  Medical 
Council   of   India   or   Council   for   Indian   Medicine   or   for 
Homeopathy  set  up  by  the  Government  of  India  or  a  State 
Government and is thereby entitled to practice medicine within 
its jurisdiction; and is acting within the scope and jurisdiction 
of  license.  The  term  Medical  Practitioner  would  include 
physician,  specialist, anaesthetist and  surgeon  but  would 
exclude the insured and his/her Immediate Family. 
"Immediate  Family  would  comprise  of  spouse,  dependent 
children, brother(s), sister(s) and dependent parent(s) of the 
insured. 
32.  Medically Necessary  Treatment: Medically  necessary 
treatment means any treatment, tests, medication, or stay in 
hospital or part of a stay in hospital which: 
a) is required for the medical management of the illness 
or injury suffered by the insured; 
b) Must not exceed the level of care necessary to provide 
safe, adequate and 
c) Appropriate medical   care   in   scope,   duration,   or 
intensity; 
d) Must have been prescribed by a medical practitioner; 
e) Must  conform  to  the  professional  standards  widely 
accepted in international medical practice or by the medical 
community in India. 
33.  New born  Baby means  baby  born  during  the  Policy 
Period and is aged up to 90 days 
34.  Network Provider means  the  Hospitals,  health  care 
providers enlisted by an insurer, TPA or jointly by an Insurer 
or  TPA  to  provide medical  services  to  an  insured  by  a 
cashless facility 
The  list  of  the  Network  Providers  is  available  with  the 
Company/  TPA  and  is  subject  to  amendment  from  time  to 
time. 
35.  Non- Network means  any  Hospital,  day  care  centre  or 
other provider that is not part of the Network. 
36.  Notification of  Claim: Notification  of  claim  means  the 
process of intimating a claim to the insurer or TPA through any 
of the recognized modes of communication. . 
37. Out-patient means the Insured who is not hospitalized for 
more  than  24  consecutive  hours  but  who  visits  a  Hospital, 
clinic,   or   associated   facility   for   diagnosis   or   treatment. 
However  any  Insured  undergoing  any  specified  "Day  care 
surgeries/Treatment" will not be considered as an Out-patient. 
38. Out-Patient (OPD) Treatment means treatment in which 
the insured visits a clinic / hospital or associated facility like a 
consultation  room  for diagnosis  and  treatment  based  on  the 
advice of a medical practitioner. The insured is not admitted 
as a day care or in-patient   
39.Period  of  Insurance means  the  period  as  specifically 
appearing in the Policy Schedule and commencing from the 
Policy Period Start Date of the first Policy taken by the insured 
from the company and then, running concurrent to the current 
Policy  subject  to  the  Insured's  continuous  renewal  of  such 
Policy with the company. 
40. Policy means these Policy wordings, the Policy Schedule 
and any applicable endorsements or extensions attaching to 
or  forming  part  thereof.  The  Policy  contains  details  of  the 
extent of cover available to the insured, what is excluded from 
the cover  and  the  terms  & conditions  on  which  the  Policy  is 
issued to the insured. 
41. Policy Holder means the person(s) or the entity named in 
the Policy Schedule who executed the Policy Schedule and is 
(are) responsible for payment of premium(s). 
42.  Policy Period means  period  of  one  policy  year  as 
mentioned in the schedule for which the Policy is issued 
43. Policy Year means a period of twelve months beginning 
from  the  date  of  commencement  of  the  policy  period  and 
ending on the last day of such twelve-month period. For the 
purpose of subsequent years, policy year shall mean a period 
of  twelve  months commencing  from  the  end  of  the  previous 
policy year and lapsing on the last day of such twelve-month 
period, till the policy period, as mentioned in the schedule 
44.  Portability means  the  right  accorded  to  an  individual 
health  insurance  policyholder  (including  all  members  under 
family  cover),  to  transfer  the  credit  gained  for  pre-existing 
conditions  and  time  bound exclusions,  from  one  insurer  to 
another insurer. 
45.  Pre-existing  Disease means  any  condition,  ailment  or 
injury or disease 
a. diagnose  by  physician  within  48  month  prior  to  the 
effective   date   of   the   policy   issued   by   insurer   or   its 
reinstatement or 

 
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited 
IRDA Reg. No. 115                                    CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408                              UIN     : ICIHLGP21381V052021     Group Health (Floater) Insurance 
Mailing Address:                                       Registered Office Address:                                    Toll free no   : 1800 2666 
601 & 602, 6th Floor, Interface 16,             ICICI Lombard House, 414, Veer Savarkar Marg,     Alternate no :  86552 22666 (chargeable)  
New Linking Road, Malad (West)               Near Siddhi Vinayak Temple, Prabhadevi,                E-mail           : customersupport@icicilombard.com 
Mumbai - 400 064                                       Mumbai 400 025                                                        Website        : www.icicilombard.com 
b. For which    medical    advice    or    treatment    was 
recommended  by,  or  received  from,  a  physician  within  48 
month prior to the effective date of the policy issued by the 
insurer or its reinstatement. 
46.Post Hospitalization Medical Expenses: Post 
Hospitalization  Medical Expenses  means  medical  expenses 
incurred during pre-defined number of days immediately after 
the  insured  person  is  discharged  from  the  hospital  provided 
that:  
(i) Such Medical Expenses are for the same condition for 
which  the  Insured  Person's  Hospitalization  was  required, 
and 
(ii) The    In-patient    Hospitalization    claim    for    such 
Hospitalization is admissible by the Insurance Company. 
47.Pre Hospitalization Medical Expenses Pre- 
hospitalisation  Medical  Expenses  means  medical  expenses 
incurred  during  pre-defined  number  of  days  preceding  the 
hospitalization of the Insured Person, provided that: 
(i) Such  Medical  Expenses  are  incurred  for  the  same 
condition for which the Insured Person's Hospitalization was 
required, and 
(ii) The    In-patient    Hospitalization    claim for    such 
Hospitalization is admissible by the Insurance Company. 
48.  Qualified Nurse: Qualified  nurse  means  a  person  who 
holds a valid registration from the Nursing Council of India or 
the Nursing Council of any state in India. 
49. Renewal: Renewal means the terms on which the contract 
of  insurance  can  be  renewed  on  mutual  consent  with  a 
provision of grace period for treating the renewal continuous 
for  the  purpose  of  gaining  credit  for  pre-existing  diseases, 
time-bound exclusions and for all waiting periods. 
50.Reasonable and Customary Charges: Reasonable and 
Customary   charges   means   the   charges   for   services   or 
supplies,  which  are  the  standard  charges  for  the  specific 
provider  and  consistent  with  the  prevailing  charges  in  the 
geographical area for identical or similar services, taking into 
account the nature of the illness / injury involved. 
51. Room Rent: Room Rent means the amount charged by a 
Hospital  towards  Room  and  Boarding  expenses  and  shall 
include the associated medical expenses. 
52.  Senior Citizen means  any  person  who  has  completed 
sixty or more years of age as on the date of commencement 
or renewal of a health insurance policy. 
53. Subrogation: Subrogation means the right of the insurer 
to  assume  the  rights  of  the  insured  person  to  recover 
expenses  paid  out  under  the  policy  that  may  be  recovered 
from any other source. 
54.  Surgery or  Surgical  Procedure: Surgery  or  Surgical 
Procedure  means  manual  and  /  or  operative  procedure  (s) 
required  for  treatment  of  an  illness  or  injury,  correction of 
deformities and defects, diagnosis and cure of diseases, relief 
from suffering and prolongation of life, performed in a hospital 
or day care centre by a medical practitioner. 
55.  Third Party  Administrator  (TPA) means  a  Company 
registered with the Authority, and engaged by an insurer, for 
a fee or by whatever name called and as may be mentioned 
in   the   health   services   agreement,   for   providing   health 
services. 
56. Unproven/Experimental treatment: 
Unproven/Experimental   treatment   means   the   treatment 
including drug  experimental  therapy  which  is  not  based  on 
established    medical    practice    in    India,    is    treatment 
experimental or unproven. 
57.  Standard  Nomenclature  and  Procedures  for  Critical 
Illnesses:  
"Critical Illness" for the purpose of this Policy (if covered as an 
extension in Part (a) of the Policy) includes the following: 
(i) Cancer of Specified Severity  
a) A  malignant  tumor  characterized  by  the  uncontrolled 
growth  and  spread  of  malignant  cells  with  invasion  and 
destruction  of  normal  tissues.  This  diagnosis must  be 
supported  by  histological  evidence  of  malignancy.  The 
term cancer includes leukemia, lymphoma and sarcoma. 
b) The following are excluded - 
i. All   tumors   which   are   histologically   described   as 
carcinoma  in  situ,  benign,  pre-malignant,  borderline 
malignant,    low    malignant    potential,    neoplasm    of 
unknown  behaviour,  or  non-invasive,  including  but  not 
limited   to:   Carcinoma   in   situ   of   breasts,   Cervical 
dysplasia CIN-1, CIN -2 and CIN-3. 
ii. Any  non-melanoma  skin  carcinoma  unless  there  is 
evidence of metastases to lymph nodes or beyond; 
iii.  Malignant  melanoma  that  has  not  caused  invasion 
beyond the epidermis; 
iv.   All   tumors   of   the   prostate   unless   histologically 
classified as having a Gleason score greater than 6 or 
having progressed to at least clinical TNM classification 
T2N0M0 
v. All Thyroid cancers histologically classified as T1N0M0 
(TNM Classification) or below; 
vi. Chronic lymphocytic leukemia less than RAI stage 3 
vii.   Non-invasive   papillary   cancer   of   the   bladder 
histologically  described  as  TaN0M0  or  of a  lesser 
classification,  
viii.  All  Gastro-Intestinal  Stromal  Tumors  histologically 
classified as T1N0M0 (TNM Classification) or below and 
with mitotic count of less than or equal to 5/50 HPFs; 
ix. All tumors in the presence of HIV infection. 
(ii) MYOCARDIAL  INFARCTION  (First  Heart  Attack-of 
Specified Severity)  

 
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited 
IRDA Reg. No. 115                                    CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408                              UIN     : ICIHLGP21381V052021     Group Health (Floater) Insurance 
Mailing Address:                                       Registered Office Address:                                    Toll free no   : 1800 2666 
601 & 602, 6th Floor, Interface 16,             ICICI Lombard House, 414, Veer Savarkar Marg,     Alternate no :  86552 22666 (chargeable)  
New Linking Road, Malad (West)               Near Siddhi Vinayak Temple, Prabhadevi,                E-mail           : customersupport@icicilombard.com 
Mumbai - 400 064                                       Mumbai 400 025                                                        Website        : www.icicilombard.com 
a. The  first  occurrence  of  heart  attack  or  myocardial 
infarction, which means the death of a portion of the heart 
muscle  as  a  result  of  inadequate  blood  supply  to  the 
relevant area. 
The   diagnosis   for   Myocardial   Infarction   should   be 
evidenced by all of the following criteria: 
i.  A  history  of  typical  clinical  symptoms  consistent  with 
the  diagnosis  of  Acute  Myocardial  Infarction  (for  e.g. 
typical chest pain) 
ii New characteristic electrocardiogram changes 
iii. Elevation of infarction specific enzymes, Troponins or 
other specific biochemical markers. 
b. The following are excluded: 
i. Other acute Coronary Syndromes 
ii. Any type of angina pectoris. 
iii. A rise in cardiac biomarkers or Troponin T or 
I   in   absence   of  overt   ischemic   heart   disease   OR 
following an intra-arterial cardiac procedure. 
(iii) Open Chest CABG  
a) The  actual  undergoing  of  heart  surgery  to  correct 
blockage or narrowing in one or more coronary artery(s), 
by coronary artery bypass grafting done via a sternotomy 
(cutting  through  the  breast  bone)  or  minimally  invasive 
keyhole    coronary    artery    bypass    procedures.    The 
diagnosis must be supported by a coronary angiography 
and  the  realization  of  surgery  has  to  be  confirmed  by  a 
cardiologist. 
b) The following are excluded: 
Angioplasty and/or any other intra-arterial procedures 
(iv)  Kidney Failure Requiring Regular Dialysis  
End  stage  renal  disease  presenting  as  chronic  irreversible 
failure of both kidneys to function, as a result of which either 
regular renal dialysis (haemodialysis or peritonea Dialysis) is 
instituted or renal transplantation is carried out. Diagnosis has 
to be confirmed by a specialist medical practitioner. 
(v) Major Organ /Bone Marrow Transplant 
a) The actual undergoing of a transplant of: 
 One  of  the  following  human  organs:  heart,  lung, 
liver,    kidney,    pancreas,    that    resulted    from 
irreversible end-stage failure of the relevant organ, 
or  
 Human  bone  marrow  using  haematopoietic  stem 
cells.  The  undergoing  of  a  transplant  has  to  be 
confirmed by a specialist medical practitioner. 
b) The following are excluded: 
 Other stem-cell transplants  
 Where      only      islets      of  Langerhans  are 
transplanted 
(vi)   Stroke Resulting In Permanent Symptoms  
a) Any  cerebrovascular  incident  producing  permanent 
neurological  sequelae.  This  includes  infarction  of  brain 
tissue,  thrombosis  in  an  intracranial  vessel,  haemorrhage 
and  embolization  from  an  extra  cranial  source.  Diagnosis 
has to be confirmed by a specialist medical practitioner and 
evidenced  by  typical  clinical  symptoms  as  well  as  typical 
findings  in  CT  Scan  or  MRI  of  the  brain.  Evidence  of 
permanent neurological deficit lasting for at least 3 months 
has to be produced. 
b) The following are excluded: 
 Transient ischemic attacks (TIA) 
 Traumatic injury of the brain  
 Vascular  disease  affecting  only  the  eye  or  optic 
nerve or vestibular functions. 
(vii)  Permanent Paralysis of Limbs 
Total and irreversible loss of use of two or more limbs as a 
result  of  injury  or  disease  of  the  brain  or  spinal  cord.  A 
specialist medical practitioner must be of the opinion that the 
paralysis  will  be  permanent  with  no  hope  of  recovery  and 
must be present for more than 3 months. 
 (viii) Open Heart Replacement or Repair of Heart Valves  
The  actual  undergoing  of  open-heart  valve  surgery  is  to 
replace   or   repair   one   or   more   heart   valves,   as   a 
consequence  of  defects  in,  abnormalities  of,  or  disease-
affected   cardiac   valve(s).The   diagnosis   of   the   valve 
abnormality must be supported by an echocardiography and 
the realization of surgery has to be confirmed by a specialist 
medical  practitioner.  Catheter  based  techniques  including 
but   not   limited   to,   balloon   valvotomy/valvuloplasty   are 
excluded. 
(ix) Coma of Specified Severity  
a) A   state   of   unconsciousness   with   no   reaction   of 
response   to   external   stimuli   or   internal   needs.   This 
diagnosis  must  be  supported  by  evidence  of  all  of  the 
following: 
 No response to external stimuli continuously for at 
least 96 hours  
 Life  support  measures  are  necessary  to  sustain 
life; and  
 Permanent   neurological deficit  which  must  be 
assessed  at  least  30  days  after  the  onset  of  the 
coma 
b) The  condition  has  to  be  confirmed  by  a  specialist 
medical practitioner. Coma resulting directly from alcohol or 
drug abuse is excluded. 
(x) Motor Neurone Disease with Permanent 
Symptoms 
Motor  neurone  disease  diagnosed  by  as  specialist  medical 
practitioner  as  spinal  muscular  atrophy,  progressive  bulbar 
palsy,   amyotrophic   lateral   sclerosis   or   primary   lateral 
sclerosis.   There   must   be   progressive   degeneration   of 

 
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited 
IRDA Reg. No. 115                                    CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408                              UIN     : ICIHLGP21381V052021     Group Health (Floater) Insurance 
Mailing Address:                                       Registered Office Address:                                    Toll free no   : 1800 2666 
601 & 602, 6th Floor, Interface 16,             ICICI Lombard House, 414, Veer Savarkar Marg,     Alternate no :  86552 22666 (chargeable)  
New Linking Road, Malad (West)               Near Siddhi Vinayak Temple, Prabhadevi,                E-mail           : customersupport@icicilombard.com 
Mumbai - 400 064                                       Mumbai 400 025                                                        Website        : www.icicilombard.com 
corticospinal tracts and  anterior  horn  cells  or  bulbar  efferent 
neurons.  There  must  be  current  significant  and  permanent 
functional neurological impairment with objective evidence of 
motor dysfunction that has persisted for a continuous period 
of at least 3 months. 
(xi) Multiple Sclerosis with Persisting Symptoms  
a. The    unequivocal    diagnosis    of    Definite    Multiple 
Sclerosis confirmed and evidenced by all of the following: 
i. investigations  including    typical    MRI  findings  which 
unequivocally   confirm   the   diagnosis   to   be   multiple 
sclerosis and 
ii. There must be current clinical impairment of motor or 
sensory   function,   which   must   have   persisted   for   a 
continuous period of at least 6 months. 
a. Others  causes  of  neurological  damage  such  as  SLE 
are excluded. 
d. Benefits covered under the policy 
Insured may also avail the following additional covers/add-ons 
under the policy. Risk Premium would be charged as per the 
cover provided in Part (a) of the Policy: 
1. Cover  for  Pre-Existing  Diseases: By  way  of  this  add-
on, Pre-existing Diseases shall be covered after 1 year (or 
as stated in Part (a) of the Policy). 
For the purpose of avoidance of doubt, it is to clarified that, 
The   term   'Pre-existing   Disease'   means   any   condition, 
ailment or injury or disease 
a. diagnose  by  physician  within  48  month  prior  to  the 
effective  date  of  the  policy  issued  by  insurer  or  its 
reinstatement or 
b. For   which   medical   advice   or   treatment   was 
recommended  by,  or  received  from,  a  physician  within 
48 month prior to the effective date of the policy issued 
by the insurer or its reinstatement 
2. Maternity  Expenses:  This  add-on  provides  cover  for 
medical expenses incurred for delivery, during 
hospitalization  or  lawful  medical  termination  of  pregnancy 
during the Policy Period This coverage may be offered with 
or  without  any  waiting  period.  The  cover  also  extends  to 
provide  child  birth  related  expenses  up to  a  specified  limit 
and pre-post natal expenses as specifically stated in Part (a) 
of the Policy. Provided that- 
a) The cover under this add-on shall be available after 9 
months  (or  as  stated  in Part  (a) of  the  Policy)  of 
continuous  coverage  have  elapsed  since  the  inception 
of the first Policy with the Company 
b)   Expenses incurred   in   connection   with   voluntary 
medical  termination  of  pregnancy  during  the  first  12 
weeks from the date of conception are not covered. 
3. Out   Patient   Department   (OPD)   Expenses:   The 
Company will reimburse medical expenses incurred by the 
Insured as an Outpatient. 
For  the  purpose  of  this  add-on,  Outpatient  means  the 
Insured  person  who  is  not  hospitalized  for  more  than  24 
consecutive   hours  but   who   visits  a   hospital,  clinic   or 
associated facility for diagnosis or treatment. However, any 
Insured person undergoing any named day care procedure/ 
treatment will not be considered as an Outpatient. 
4. Cost   of   Prescribed   External Medical   Aid:   The 
Company will reimburse Insured for the charges incurred by 
Insured  during  the  Policy  Period  on  account  of  procuring 
medically  necessary  prosthetic  or  artificial  devices or  any 
medical equipment including but not limited to hearing aids, 
spectacles, contact lenses etc. 
5. Baby Day One Cover: This add-on will cover medical 
expenses  incurred  on  the  "new  born  baby"  only  as  an  in-
patient in hospital for a maximum period up to 91 days. 
6. Critical Illnesses Cover: The Company will pay the sum 
insured  for  this  add-on,  in  case  Insured  is  diagnosed  as 
suffering  from  one  or  more  of  the  Critical  Illnesses  for  the 
first time in life, during the Policy Period. 
This  benefit  can  be  availed  only  by  the  Insured  only  once 
during his lifetime. 
7. Travel Expenses for Medical Treatment: The Company 
will reimburse the travel expense incurred outside the city of 
residence  at  a  nearest  place  as  prescribed  by  treating 
Medical Practitioner wherein the treatment is not possible in 
his place. 
8. Dental  Expenses:  The  Company  will  reimburse  the 
medical  expenses  related  to  dental  treatment  incurred  by 
the Insured during the Policy Period. 
9. Cover for Alternate Methods of Treatment: By way of 
this  add-on, the  Company  will  reimburse  the  Insured  for 
medical  expenses  incurred  on  homeopathic,  Ayurvedic, 
Siddha,   Unani,   Acupressure,   Acupuncture,   Yoga   and 
Naturopathy  treatment  provided  that  such  treatment  is 
administered by medical practitioner. 
10. Donor  Expenses:  The  Company  will  indemnify  the 
Insured  for  the  medical  expenses  incurred  in  respect  of 
donor  for  any  of  the  organ  transplant  surgery  during  the 
Policy  Period,  provided  the  organ  donated  is  for  Insured's 
use and the claim is considered admissible by the Company. 
11. Ambulance   Charges:   Ambulance   charges   would 
include transportation cost to the nearest hospital in case of 
life threatening emergency conditions. 
12. Pre  and  Post  Hospitalization:  By  way  of  this  add-on, 
the  Company  will  pay  medical  expenses  incurred  30  days 
prior  to  hospitalization and  60  days  after  hospitalization or 
as stated in Part (a) of the Policy. 
13. Health  Check-Up:  The Company by  way  of  this  add-
on,  will  cover  the  cost  of  health check-up incurred  by  the 
Insured   for   medical   examination undergone   being   a 

 
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited 
IRDA Reg. No. 115                                    CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408                              UIN     : ICIHLGP21381V052021     Group Health (Floater) Insurance 
Mailing Address:                                       Registered Office Address:                                    Toll free no   : 1800 2666 
601 & 602, 6th Floor, Interface 16,             ICICI Lombard House, 414, Veer Savarkar Marg,     Alternate no :  86552 22666 (chargeable)  
New Linking Road, Malad (West)               Near Siddhi Vinayak Temple, Prabhadevi,                E-mail           : customersupport@icicilombard.com 
Mumbai - 400 064                                       Mumbai 400 025                                                        Website        : www.icicilombard.com 
requirement  from  employer.  Such  medical  examination  is 
generally  conducted  to  understand  health  status  of  the 
employee. 
14. Disease-Wise  Sub-Limit:  By  way  of  this  add- on,  the 
company can introduce sub-limits on certain diseases based 
on the claim experience and the requirement of the Insured. 
15. Domiciliary    Hospitalization:    The    Company    will 
reimburse the Insured for medical expenses incurred by the 
Insured during domiciliary hospitalization.  
 16.  Treatment  Outside  India  (along  with  traveling  cost    & 
boarding  & lodging  of the attendant): This add-on covers 
the cost of medical treatment along with the travelling cost 
and cost pertaining to boarding and lodging of the cost and 
cost pertaining to boarding and lodging of the attendant in a 
country  outside  India  when  required  and  prescribed  by 
treating Medical Practitioner. 
17. Convalescence  Benefit:  The  Company  will  pay  the 
Insured up to a certain amount as stated in Part (a) of the 
Policy if the Insured is hospitalized for a minimum period of 
consecutive days as specified in Part (a) of the Policy, due 
to  any  injury  or  illness  as  covered  under  the  Policy.  This 
benefit is payable only once to an Insured person during the 
Policy period. 
18. Loss of  wages/salary  due  to  hospitalization (Hospital 
Daily Cash Allowance): The Company will pay the Insured a 
fixed   amount   for   each   day   of   his   hospitalization   to 
compensate  against  the  loss  of  wage/salary  incurred  by 
Insured on account of hospitalization. 
19. Cover for allied hospital charges: By way of this add-
on,  Company  will  reimburse either  one  or combinations of 
the  expenses  incurred  on  the  allied  hospital  charges  such 
as  ambulance charges,  administration charges,  service 
charges   and   miscellaneous   charges,   boarding/lodging 
charges, including transportation costs of machine/medical 
instruments  of  any  special  medical  team  to  the  city  of  the 
insured or any such other charges wherever prescribed by 
medical practitioner. 
20. Limit on room rent, nursing charges, consultation fees, 
diagnostic charges,  OT  charges etc.:  This  add-on  restricts 
the coverage for respective heads up to a specified amount. 
In cases, where the claim amount exceeds this amount, the 
entire  admissible  claim  amount  which  includes  various 
hospital bills etc, will be reduced in the proportion which the 
eligible room rent limit bears to the actual room rent. 
21. Wellness & Preventive Care: By way of this add-on the 
insured can avail any or all of the below mentioned: 
 Health Risk Assessment 
 Health  Check-up's  (add-on  of  report  evaluation 
service) 
 Medical  Centre  Management  Diet  &  Nutrition 
Plans 
 Online Doctor Chat 
 Health Camps - on campus Expert Sessions - on 
campus 
 Second  Opinions:  Domestic  and  International 
markets 
 Discounted  offerings - on  health  and  wellness 
services    (    Eg    Gyms,    Diagnostic Canters, 
Medicines, Beauty clinics etc) 
 Disease  Management  Programs:  Eg  Diabetes, 
Healthy Heart, Stress Management etc 
 Lifestyle/Wellness   Management Programs: Eg 
Maternity,  Quit  Smoking  PHR - Personalized 
Health  Records  Health  Assistance  Services  : 
Opinions - Doctor  on  call/home  -  Ambulance- 
Health tools 
 Health  &  Wellness  Reminder  Services  Health 
Concierge Desk 
 Others 
e. EXCLUSION 
The  Company  shall not be liable  to make  any payment  under 
this  policy  in  connection  with  or  in  respect  of  any  expenses 
whatsoever incurred by any Insured Person in connection with 
or in respect of: 
i. Standard exclusions for which standard wordings 
are specified by IRDAI 
1. Pre-Existing Diseases - Code- Excl01 
a)  Expenses related  to  the  treatment  of  a pre-existing 
Disease   (PED)   and   its   direct   complications   shall   be 
excluded  until  the  expiry  of  48  months  of  continuous 
coverage  after  the  date  of  inception  of  the  first  policy  with 
insurer. 
b)  In case  of  enhancement  of  sum  insured  the  exclusion 
shall apply afresh to the extent of sum insured increase. 
c) If the Insured Person is continuously covered without any 
break  as  defined  under  the  portability  norms  of  the  extant 
IRDAI  (Health  Insurance)  Regulations,  then  waiting  period 
for  the  same  would  be  reduced  to  the  extent of  prior 
coverage. 
d) Coverage under the policy after the expiry of 48 months 
for  any  pre-existing  disease  is  subject  to  the  same  being 
declared at the time of application and accepted by Insurer 
2. 30-day waiting period- Code- Excl03 
a) Expenses related to the treatment of any illness within 30 
days  from  the  first  policy  commencement  date  shall  be 
excluded except claims arising due to an accident, provided 
the same are covered. 
b)  This exclusion  shall  not,  however,  apply  if  the  Insured 
Person  has  Continuous  Coverage  for  more  than  twelve 
months. 
c) The within referred waiting period is made applicable to 
the  enhanced  sum  insured  in  the  event  of  granting  higher 
sum insured subsequently. 
3.  Investigation & Evaluation- Code- Excl04 

 
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited 
IRDA Reg. No. 115                                    CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408                              UIN     : ICIHLGP21381V052021     Group Health (Floater) Insurance 
Mailing Address:                                       Registered Office Address:                                    Toll free no   : 1800 2666 
601 & 602, 6th Floor, Interface 16,             ICICI Lombard House, 414, Veer Savarkar Marg,     Alternate no :  86552 22666 (chargeable)  
New Linking Road, Malad (West)               Near Siddhi Vinayak Temple, Prabhadevi,                E-mail           : customersupport@icicilombard.com 
Mumbai - 400 064                                       Mumbai 400 025                                                        Website        : www.icicilombard.com 
a) Expenses   related   to   any   admission   primarily   for 
diagnostics and evaluation purposes only are excluded. 
b) Any  diagnostic  expenses  which  are  not  related  or  not 
incidental   to   the   current   diagnosis   and   treatment   are 
excluded. 
4. .Rest Cure, rehabilitation and respite care- Code-Excl05 
a) Expenses related to any admission primarily for enforced 
bed rest and not for receiving treatment. This also includes: 
i. Custodial care either at home or in a nursing facility for 
personal  care  such  as  help  with  activities  of  daily  living 
such as bathing, dressing, moving around either by skilled 
nurses or assistant or non-skilled persons. 
ii. Any services for people who are terminally ill to address 
physical, social, emotional and spiritual needs. 
5. Obesity/ Weight Control: Code- Excl06 
Expenses  related  to  the  surgical  treatment  of  obesity  that 
does not fulfil all the below conditions: 
1) Surgery  to  be  conducted  is  upon  the  advice  of  the 
Doctor. 
2) The     surgery/Procedure     conducted     should     be 
supported by clinical protocols. 
 3) The member has to be 18 years of age or older and 
4) Body Mass Index (BMI): 
a) Greater than or equal to 40 or 
b) greater than or equal to 35 in conjunction with any of 
the  following  severe  co- morbidities  following  failure  of 
less invasive methods of weight loss: 
i. Obesity-related cardiomyopathy 
ii. Coronary heart disease 
iii. Severe Sleep Apnea 
iv. Uncontrolled Type2 Diabetes 
6. Gender treatments: Code- Excl07 
Expenses  related  to  any  treatment,  including  surgical 
management,  to  change  characteristics  of  the  body  to 
those of the opposite sex. 
7. Hazardous or Adventure sports: Code- Excl09 Expenses 
related to any treatment necessitated due to participation as 
a  professional in  hazardous  or  adventure  sports,  including 
but     not     limited     to, para-jumping,     rock     climbing, 
mountaineering, rafting, motor racing, horse racing or scuba 
diving, hand gliding, sky diving, deep-sea diving. 
8. Breach of law: Code- Excl10 
Expenses for treatment directly arising from or consequent 
upon  any  Insured  Person  committing  or  attempting  to 
commit a breach of law with criminal intent. 
9. Excluded Providers: Code- Excl11 
Expenses incurred towards treatment in any hospital or by 
any  Medical  Practitioner  or  any  other  provider  specifically 
excluded by the Insurer and disclosed in its website / notified 
to the policyholders are not admissible. However, in case of 
life threatening situations or following an accident, expenses 
up  to  the  stage  of  stabilization  are  payable  but  not  the 
complete claim. 
10. Treatment for, Alcoholism, drug or substance abuse or 
any  addictive  condition  and  consequences  thereof.  Code- 
Excl12 
11. Cosmetic or plastic Surgery: Code- Excl08 Expenses for 
cosmetic  or  plastic  surgery  or  any  treatment  to change 
appearance unless for reconstruction following an Accident, 
Burn(s) or 
Cancer  or  as part  of  medically  necessary  treatment  to 
remove  a  direct  and  immediate  health  risk  to  the  insured. 
For  this  to  be  considered  a  medical  necessity,  it  must  be 
certified by the attending Medical Practitioner 
12. Treatments  received  in  heath  hydros,  nature  cure 
clinics,  spas  or  similar  establishments  or  private  beds 
registered    as    a    nursing    home    attached    to    such 
establishments  or  where  admission  is  arranged  wholly  or 
partly for domestic reasons. Code- Excl13 
13. Dietary  supplements  and  substances  that  can  be 
purchased without prescription, including but not limited to 
Vitamins,    minerals    and    organic    substances    unless 
prescribed    by    a    medical    practitioner    as    part    of 
hospitalization claim or day care procedure. Code- Excl14 
14. Refractive Error: Code- Excl15 
Expenses related to the treatment for correction of eye sight 
due to refractive error less than 7.5 dioptres 
15. Unproven Treatments: Code- Excl16 
Expenses related to any unproven treatment, services and 
supplies for or in connection with any treatment. Unproven 
treatments are treatments, procedures or supplies that lack 
significant    medical    documentation    to    support    their 
effectiveness. 
16. Sterility and Infertility: Code- Excl17 
Expenses related to sterility and infertility. This includes: 
i. Any type of contraception, sterilization 
ii. Assisted   Reproduction   services   including   artificial 
insemination  and  advanced  reproductive  technologies 
such as IVF, ZIFT, GIFT, ICSI 
iii. Gestational Surrogacy 
iv. Reversal of sterilization 
17. Maternity: Code Excl18 

 
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited 
IRDA Reg. No. 115                                    CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408                              UIN     : ICIHLGP21381V052021     Group Health (Floater) Insurance 
Mailing Address:                                       Registered Office Address:                                    Toll free no   : 1800 2666 
601 & 602, 6th Floor, Interface 16,             ICICI Lombard House, 414, Veer Savarkar Marg,     Alternate no :  86552 22666 (chargeable)  
New Linking Road, Malad (West)               Near Siddhi Vinayak Temple, Prabhadevi,                E-mail           : customersupport@icicilombard.com 
Mumbai - 400 064                                       Mumbai 400 025                                                        Website        : www.icicilombard.com 
i. Medical  treatment  expenses  traceable  to  childbirth 
(including complicated deliveries and caesarean sections 
incurred during hospitalization) except ectopic pregnancy; 
ii. Expenses  towards  miscarriage  (unless  due  to  an 
accident)  and  lawful  medical  termination of  pregnancy 
during the policy period 
ii. Specific Exclusions other than those mentioned under  
     e (i) above 
1.The expenses on treatment of diseases, or illness such as 
Cataract,  Benign  Prostatic  Hypertrophy,  Hysterectomy  for 
Menorrhagisa or Fibromyoma, Hernia, Hydrocele, Congenital 
Internal Diseases, Fistula in anus, piles, Sinusitis and related 
disorders  during  the  first  year  of  operation  of  this  policy.  If 
these  diseases,  or  illnesses  are  pre-existing  at  the  time  of 
proposal, they will not be covered during subsequent renewal 
of the policy. 
2.Diseases,  illness,  accident  or  injuries  directly  or  indirectly 
caused by or arising from or attributable to war, invasion, act 
of  foreign  enemy,  war  like  operations  (whether  war  be 
declared or not). 
3.Circumcision whether or not necessitated by vaccination or 
inoculation or change of life or cosmetic or aesthetic treatment 
of  any  description,  plastic  surgery  unless  necessary  for 
treatment of a disease not excluded by the terms of the policy 
or as may be necessitated due to treatment of an accident. 
4. The cost of spectacles and contact lenses, hearing aids. 
5.  Dental treatment  or  surgery  of  any  kind  unless  requiring 
hospitalisation. 
6.Convalescence, general debility, run-down condition or rest 
cure,  congenital  external  disease  or  defects  or  anomalies, 
intentional  self-injury  (whether  arising  from  an  attempt  to 
suicide  or  otherwise)  and  use  of  intoxicating  drugs  and/or 
alcohol. 
 7.Charges incurred at Hospital or Nursing Home primarily for 
diagnostic,   X-Ray   or   laboratory   examinations   or   other 
diagnostic  studies  not  consistent  with  or  incidental  to  the 
diagnosis and treatment of the positive existence or presence 
of  any  diseases,  illness  or  injury  whether  or  not  requiring 
Hospitalisation/ Domiciliary Hospitalisation. 
8.  Expenses on  vitamins  and  tonics  unless  forming  part  of 
treatment  for  injury  or  disease  as  certified  by  the  attending 
Medical Practitioner. 
9.Diseases,  illness,  accident  or  injuries  directly  or  indirectly 
caused by or contributed to by nuclear weapons/materials or 
contributed   to   by   or   arising   from   ionising   radiation   or 
contamination by radioactivity by any nuclear fuel or from any 
nuclear waste or from the combustion of nuclear fuel. 
10. Voluntary medical termination of pregnancy during the first 
12 weeks from the date of conception. 
11. Naturopathy treatment. 
Note: If any Add-On has been opted as mentioned in Part (a) of 
Policy, then the respective Exclusion as mentioned above will 
not be applicable 
f. . General Terms and Clauses 
Standard General Terms and Clauses (General Terms and 
clauses whose wordings are specified by IRDAI) 
1. Claim Settlement (provision for Penal Interest)  
(i)The Company shall settle or reject a claim, as the case may 
be, within 30 days from the date of receipt of last necessary 
document. 
(ii)In the case of delay in the payment of a claim, the Company 
shall be liable to pay interest to the policyholder from the date 
of receipt of last necessary document to the date of payment 
of claim at a rate 2% above the bank rate. 
(iii)However, where the circumstances of a claim warrant an 
investigation in the opinion of the Company, it shall initiate and 
complete  such  investigation  at  the  earliest,  in  any  case  not 
later than 30 days from the date of receipt of last necessary 
document- ln such cases, the Company shall settle or reject 
the  claim  within  45  days  from  the  date  of  receipt  of  last 
necessary document. 
(iv)ln case of delay beyond stipulated 45 days, the Company 
shall be liable to pay interest to the policyholder at a rate 2% 
above the bank rate from the date of receipt of last necessary 
document to the date of payment of claim. Interest provision 
shall be as per IRDAI (Protection of Policyholders’ Interests) 
Regulations,  2017  or  any  amendments  made  thereto  from 
time to time. 
2. LIMITATION PERIOD 
In no case whatsoever shall the Company be liable for any claim 
under the Policy, if the requirement of Clause V (1) (b) (iii) (b) 
above are not complied with, unless the claim is the subject of 
pending  action  or  arbitration;  it  being  expressly  agreed and 
declared that if the Company shall disclaim liability for any claim 
hereunder and such claim shall not within 12 calendar months 
from  the  date  of  the  disclaimer  have  been  made  the  subject 
matter  of  a  suit  in  court  of  law  then  the  claim  shall  for  all 
purposes  be  deemed  to  have  been  abandoned  and  shall  not 
thereafter be recoverable hereunder. 
3. Condition Precedent to Admission of Liability 
The terms and conditions of the policy must be fulfilled by the 
insured  person  for  the  Company  to  make  any  payment for 
claim(s) arising under the policy 
4. Complete Discharge  
Any  payment  to  the  policyholder,  insured  person  or  his/  her 
nominees or his/ her legal representative or assignee or to the 
Hospital, as the case may be, for any benefit under the policy 
shall  be a  valid  discharge  towards  payment  of  claim  by  the 
Company to the extent of that amount for the particular claim. 
5. POLICY RELATED TERMS AND CONDITIONS 

 
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited 
IRDA Reg. No. 115                                    CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408                              UIN     : ICIHLGP21381V052021     Group Health (Floater) Insurance 
Mailing Address:                                       Registered Office Address:                                    Toll free no   : 1800 2666 
601 & 602, 6th Floor, Interface 16,             ICICI Lombard House, 414, Veer Savarkar Marg,     Alternate no :  86552 22666 (chargeable)  
New Linking Road, Malad (West)               Near Siddhi Vinayak Temple, Prabhadevi,                E-mail           : customersupport@icicilombard.com 
Mumbai - 400 064                                       Mumbai 400 025                                                        Website        : www.icicilombard.com 
a)  Claim must  be  filed  within  30  days  from  the  date  of 
completion  of  treatment.  However,  the  Company  may  at  its 
discretion consider waiver based on merits of the claim, where 
there is delay in intimation or in submission of documents due 
to unavoidable circumstances and it is proved that the delay 
was for reasons beyond the control of the insured and under 
the circumstances in which the insured was placed it was not 
possible for him or any other person to give such notice or file 
claim within the prescribed time-limit. 
b) The Insured Person shall obtain and furnish the Company 
with all original bills, receipts and other documents upon which 
a  claim  is  based  and  shall  also  give  the  Company  such 
additional  information  and  assistance  as  the  Company  may 
require in dealing with the claim. 
c) Any medical practitioner authorised by the Company shall 
be  allowed  to  examine  the  Insured  Person  in  case  of  any 
alleged   diseases,   illness,   accident   or   injuries   requiring 
Hospitalisation  or  Domiciliary  Hospitalisation  when  and  so 
often as  the  same  may  reasonably  be  required on  behalf  of 
the Company. 
d) All medical/surgical treatment under this policy shall have 
to  be  taken  in  India  (unless  agreed  upon  in Part  (a) of  the 
Policy)  and  admissible  claims  thereof  shall  be  payable  in 
Indian currency. 
e)Low   Claim   Ratio   Discount   (Bonus):   Low   Claim   Ratio 
Discount  will  be  allowed  on  the  total  premium  at  renewal 
depending upon the incurred claims ratio for the entire group 
insured  under  the  Group  Mediclaim  Insurance  Policy  as 
mutually agreed by the insured and the insurer. 
f)High  Claim  Ratio  loading  (Malus):  The  Total  Premium 
payable  at  renewal  of  the  Group  Policy  will  be  loaded 
depending upon the incurred claims ratio for the entire group 
insured  under  the  Group  Mediclaim  Insurance  Policy  as 
mutually agreed by the insured and the insurer. 
Note:   Incurred   claim   would   mean   claims   paid,   claims 
outstanding  and  claims  incurred  but  not  reported  (IBNR)  in 
respect of the entire group insured under the policy during the 
relevant period. 
6. TERMS OF RENEWAL 
a)The Policy can be renewed as a separate contract under the 
then   prevailing   ICICI   Lombard   Group Health   Insurance 
product  or  its  nearest  substitute  (in  case  the  product  ICICI 
Lombard   Group   Health   Insurance   is   withdrawn   by   the 
Company) approved by IRDA. 
b) The policy shall ordinarily be renewable except on grounds 
of   fraud,   moral   hazard   or misrepresentation   or   non- 
cooperation by the insured. 
c) The policy could be subject to certain changes in terms and 
conditions including change in premium rate. 
Possibility  of  Revision  of  Terms  of  the  Policy  including  the 
Premium Rates- the Company,  with prior approval of lRDAl, 
may  revise  or  modify  the  terms  of  the  policy  including  the 
premium  rates.  The  insured  person  shall  be  notified  three 
months before the changes are effected. 
7. Possibility of Revision of Terms of the Policy including 
the  Premium  Rates- the  Company,  with  prior  approval  of 
IRDAI, may revise or modify the terms of the policy including the 
premium  rates.  The  insured  person  shall  be  notified  three 
months before the changes are effected. 
8. Incontestability and Duty of Disclosure  
The  policy  shall  be  null  and  void  and  no  benefit  shall  be 
payable  in  the  event  of  untrue  or  incorrect  statements, 
misrepresentation, misdescription or on non-disclosure in any 
material  particular  in  the  proposal form,  personal  statement, 
declaration   and   connected documents,   or   any   material 
information having been withheld, or a claim being fraudulent 
or any fraudulent means or devices being used by the Insured 
or any one acting on his behalf to obtain any benefit under this 
policy. 
9. Observance of terms and conditions 
The  due  observance  and fulfilment of  the  terms,  conditions 
and  endorsement  of  this  policy  in  so  far  as  they  relate  to 
anything to be done or complied with by the Insured, shall be 
a condition precedent to any liability of the Company to make 
any payment under this policy. 
10. No constructive Notice  
Any  of  the  circumstances  in  relation  to  these  conditions 
coming to the knowledge of any official of the Company shall 
not be the notice to or be held to bind or prejudicially affect the 
Company  notwithstanding  subsequent  acceptance  of  any 
premium. 
11. Notice of Charge etc. 
The Company shall not be bound to notice or be affected by 
any  notice  of  any  trust,  charge,  lien,  assignment  or  other 
dealing  with  or  relating  to  this  policy  but  the  receipt  of  the 
Insured or his legal personal representative shall in all cases 
be an effectual discharge to the company. 
12. Special Provisions 
Any special provisions subject to which this policy has been 
entered  into  and  endorsed  in  the  policy  or  in  any  separate 
instrument shall be deemed to be part of this policy and shall 
have effect accordingly. 
13. Overriding effect of Part (c to g) of the Policy 
The terms and conditions contained herein and in Part (c to g) 
of  the  Policy  shall  be  deemed  to  form  part of the  policy and 
shall  be  read  as  if  they  are  specifically  incorporated  herein; 
however  in  case  of  any  inconsistency  of  any  term  and 
condition with the scope of cover contained in Part (c to g) of 
the Policy, then the term(s) and condition(s) contained herein 
shall be read mutatis mutandis with the scope of cover/terms 
and conditions contained in Part (c to g) of the Policy and shall 
be deemed to be modified accordingly or superseded in case 
of   inconsistency   being   irreconcilable.   In   case   of   any 
inconsistency in terms and conditions mentioned in Part (c to 
g) of  the  Policy  with Part  (a) of  the  Policy  then  terms  and 
conditions contained in Part (a) of the Policy will prevail over 
Part (c to g) of the Policy. 

 
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited 
IRDA Reg. No. 115                                    CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408                              UIN     : ICIHLGP21381V052021     Group Health (Floater) Insurance 
Mailing Address:                                       Registered Office Address:                                    Toll free no   : 1800 2666 
601 & 602, 6th Floor, Interface 16,             ICICI Lombard House, 414, Veer Savarkar Marg,     Alternate no :  86552 22666 (chargeable)  
New Linking Road, Malad (West)               Near Siddhi Vinayak Temple, Prabhadevi,                E-mail           : customersupport@icicilombard.com 
Mumbai - 400 064                                       Mumbai 400 025                                                        Website        : www.icicilombard.com 
14. Electronic Transactions 
The  Insured  agrees  to  adhere  to  and  comply  with  all  such 
terms  and  conditions  as  the  Company  may  prescribe  from 
time   to   time,   and   hereby  agrees  and   confirms   that   all 
transactions  effected  by  or  through  facilities  for  conducting 
remote transactions including the Internet, World Wide Web, 
electronic    data    interchange,    call canters,    teleservice 
operations (whether voice, video, data or combination thereof) 
or  by  means  of  electronic,  computer,  automated  machines 
network   or   through   other   means   of   telecommunication, 
established by or on behalf of the Company, for and in respect 
of the policy or its terms, or the Company's other products and 
services, shall constitute legally binding and valid transactions 
when  done  in  adherence  to  and  in  compliance  with  the 
Company's terms and conditions for such facilities, as may be 
prescribed  from  time  to  time.  The  Insured  agrees  that  the 
Company may exchange, share or part with any information 
to or with other ICICI Group Companies or any other person 
in  connection  with  the  Policy,  as  may  be  determined  by  the 
Company  and  shall  not  hold  the  Company  liable  for  such 
use/application. 
15. Fraud  
If  any  claim  made  by  the  insured  person,  is  in  any  respect 
fraudulent, or if any false statement, or declaration is made or 
used in support thereof, or if any fraudulent means or devices 
are  used  by  the  insured  person  or  anyone  acting  on  his/her 
behalf to obtain any benefit under this policy, all benefits under 
this policy shall be forfeited. Any amount already paid against 
claims which are found fraudulent later under this policy shall 
be repaid by all person(s) named in the policy schedule, who 
shall be jointly and severally liable for such repayment. For the 
purpose of this clause, the expression "fraud" means any of 
the following acts committed by the Insured Person or by his 
agent,  with  intent  to  deceive  the  insurer  or  to  induce  the 
insurer to issue a insurance Policy:- 
a. the  suggestion  ,as  a  fact  of  that  which  is  not  true  and 
which the Insured Person does not believe to be true; 
b. the  active  concealment  of  a  fact  by  the  Insured  Person 
having knowledge or belief of the fact; 
c. any other act fitted to deceive; and 
d.any such act or omission as the law specially declares to 
be fraudulent 
The company shall not repudiate the policy on the ground of 
fraud,  if  the  insured  person  /  beneficiary  can  prove  that  the 
misstatement was true to the best of his knowledge and there 
was no deliberate intention to suppress the fact or that such 
mis- statement of or suppression of material fact are within the 
knowledge  of  the  insurer.  Onus  of  disproving  is  upon  the 
policyholder, if alive, or beneficiaries. 
16. Cancellation  
a. The Insured may cancel this Policy by giving 15days' 
written  notice,  and  in  such  an  event,  the  Company  shall 
refund premium on short term rates for the unexpired Policy 
Period as per the rates detailed below. 
Short  Period  Scales-  Policy  Cancellation* 
Covered  Upto  Days  % of Refund 
7 Up to 90% 
30 Up to 75% 
60 Up to 65% 
90 Up to 50% 
120 Up to 40% 
180 Up to 25% 
240 Up to 15% 
Exceeding 240 Up to 0% 
 
Notwithstanding anything contained herein or otherwise, no 
refunds of premium shall be made in respect of Cancellation 
where, any claim has been admitted or has been lodged or 
any benefit has been availed by the Insured person under 
the Policy. 
b. The  Company  may  cancel  the  Policy  at  any  time  on 
grounds  of  misrepresentation,  non-disclosure  of  material 
facts, fraud by the Insured Person, by giving 15 days' written 
notice. There would be no refund of premium on cancellation 
on grounds of misrepresentation, non-disclosure of material 
facts or fraud. 
17. Portability 
The Insured Person will have the option to port the Policy to 
other insurers as per extant Guidelines related to portability. If 
such person is presently covered and has been continuously 
covered without any lapses under any health insurance plan 
with  an  Indian  General/Health  insurer  as  per  Guidelines  on 
portability,  the  proposed  Insured  Person  will  get  all  the 
accrued continuity benefits in waiting periods as under: 
i. The  waiting  periods  specified  in  Section  6  shall  be 
reduced  by  the  number  of  continuous  preceding  years  of 
coverage  of  the  Insured  Person  under  the  previous health 
insurance Policy. 
ii. Portability benefit will be offered to the extent of sum 
of previous sum insured and accrued bonus (as part of the 
base sum insured), portability benefit shall not apply to any 
other additional increased Sum Insured. 
For Detailed Guidelines on Portability, kindly refer the link  
https://www.irdai.gov.in/ADMINCMS/cms/frmGuidelines_
Layout.aspx?page=PageNo3987 
 
18. Migration: 
The Insured Person will have the option to migrate the Policy 
to  other  health  insurance  products/plans  offered  by  the 
company as per extant Guidelines related to Migration. If such 
person  is  presently  covered  and  has  been  continuously 
covered  without  any  lapses  under  any  health  insurance 
product/plan  offered  by  the  company,  as  per  Guidelines  on 
migration, the proposed Insured Person will get all the accrued 
continuity benefits in waiting periods as per below: 

 
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited 
IRDA Reg. No. 115                                    CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408                              UIN     : ICIHLGP21381V052021     Group Health (Floater) Insurance 
Mailing Address:                                       Registered Office Address:                                    Toll free no   : 1800 2666 
601 & 602, 6th Floor, Interface 16,             ICICI Lombard House, 414, Veer Savarkar Marg,     Alternate no :  86552 22666 (chargeable)  
New Linking Road, Malad (West)               Near Siddhi Vinayak Temple, Prabhadevi,                E-mail           : customersupport@icicilombard.com 
Mumbai - 400 064                                       Mumbai 400 025                                                        Website        : www.icicilombard.com 
i. The  waiting  periods  specified  in  Section  6  shall  be 
reduced  by  the  number  of  continuous  preceding  years  of 
coverage  of  the  Insured  Person  under  the  previous health 
insurance Policy. 
ii. Migration benefit will be offered to the extent of sum of 
previous sum insured and accrued bonus/multiplier benefit 
(as part of the base sum insured), migration benefit shall not 
apply to any other additional increased Sum Insured. 
For Detailed Guidelines on Migration, kindly refer the link   
https://www.irdai.gov.in/ADMINCMS/cms/frmGuidelines_Layout.
aspx?page=PageNo3987 
19. Multiple Policies- 
i. in case of multiple policies taken by an insured person 
during  a  period  from  one  or  more  insurers  to  indemnify 
treatment  costs,  the  insured  person  shall  have  the  right  to 
require  a  settlement  of  his/her  claim  in  terms  of  any  of 
his/her policies. In all such cases the insurer chosen by the 
insured person shall be obliged to settle the claim as long as 
the claim is within the limits of and according to the terms of 
the chosen policy. 
ii. insured person having multiple policies shall also have 
the right to prefer claims under this policy for the amounts 
disallowed under any other policy / policies even if the sum 
insured    is    not    exhausted.    Then    the    insurer    shall 
independently  settle  the  claim subject  to  the  terms  and 
conditions of this policy. 
iii. lf the amount to be claimed exceeds the sum insured 
under a single policy, the insured person shall have the right 
to  choose  insurer  from  whom  he/she  wants  to  claim  the 
balance amount. 
iv. Where an insured person has policies from more than 
one insurer to cover the same risk on indemnity basis, the 
insured person shall only be indemnified the treatment costs 
in accordance with the terms and conditions of the chosen 
policy. 
20. Premium Payment in Instalments: 
If the insured person has opted for Payment of Premium on 
an instalment basis i.e. Half Yearly, Quarterly or Monthly, as 
mentioned  in  Your  Policy  Schedule/Certificate  of  Insurance, 
the  following  Conditions  shall  apply  (notwithstanding  any 
terms contrary elsewhere in the Policy) 
i. Grace  Period  of  15  days  would  be  given  to  pay  the 
instalment premium due for the Policy. 
ii. During   such   grace   period,   Coverage   will   not   be 
available from the instalment premium payment due date 
till the date of receipt of premium by Company. 
 iii. The  Benefits  provided  under - "Waiting  Periods", 
"Specific Waiting  Periods"  Sections  shall  continue  in  the 
event of payment of premium within the stipulated grace 
Period. 
iv. No interest will be charged If the instalment premium 
is not paid on due date. 
v. In case of instalment premium due not received within 
the grace Period, the Policy will get cancelled. 
21. Free Look Period- 
The  Free  Look  Period  shall  be  applicable  on  new  individual 
health insurance policies and not on renewals or at the time of 
porting/migrating  the  policy.  The  insured  person  shall  be 
allowed free look period of fifteen days from date of receipt of 
the policy document to review the terms and conditions of the 
policy, and to return the same if not acceptable. lf the insured 
has  not  made  any  claim  during  the  Free  Look  Period,  the 
insured shall be entitled to 
i. a  refund  of  the  premium  paid  less  any  expenses 
incurred  by  the  Company  on  medical  examination  of  the 
insured person and the stamp duty charges or 
ii. Where the risk has already commenced and the option 
of return of the policy is exercised by the insured person, a 
deduction towards the proportionate risk premium for period 
of cover or 
iii. Where  only  a  part  of  the  insurance  coverage  has 
commenced, such  proportionate  premium  commensurate 
with the insurance coverage during such period 
Policies would however be subject to all limits, sub limits, co- 
payments as per the policy. 
22. Arbitration Clause 
If any dispute or difference shall arise as to the quantum to be 
paid under this policy (liability being otherwise admitted) such 
difference  shall   independently   of   all   other  questions   be 
referred to the decision of a sole arbitrator to be appointed in 
writing by the parties to the dispute/difference or if they cannot 
agree  upon  a  single  arbitrator  within  30  days  of  any  party 
invoking arbitration, the same shall be referred to a panel of 
three  arbitrators,  comprising  of  two  arbitrators,  one  to  be 
appointed by each of the parties to the dispute/difference and 
the  third  arbitrator  to  be  appointed  by  such  two  arbitrators. 
Arbitration shall be conducted under and in accordance with 
the provisions of the Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996. 
It  is  clearly  agreed  and  understood  that  no  difference  or 
dispute  shall  be  preferable  to  arbitration,  as  herein before 
provided, if the Company has disputed or not accepted liability 
under or in respect of this policy. 
It is hereby expressly stipulated and declared that it shall be a 
condition  precedent  to  any  right  of  action  or  suit  upon  this 
policy  that  the  award  by  such  arbitrator/  arbitrators  of  the 
amount of the loss or damage shall be first obtained. 
23. Renewal Notice  
a) The  policy  shall  ordinarily  be  renewable  except  on 
misrepresentation  by  the  insured  person  on  grounds of 
fraud,  The  Company  shall  endeavour  to  give  notice  for 
renewal. However, the Company is not under obligation to 
give any notice for renewal. Renewal shall not be denied on 
the  ground  that  the  insured  person  had  made  a  claim  or 
claims  in  the  preceding  policy  years.  Request  for  renewal 
along  with  requisite  premium  shall  be  received  by  the 
Company before the end of the policy period. At the end of 

 
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited 
IRDA Reg. No. 115                                    CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408                              UIN     : ICIHLGP21381V052021     Group Health (Floater) Insurance 
Mailing Address:                                       Registered Office Address:                                    Toll free no   : 1800 2666 
601 & 602, 6th Floor, Interface 16,             ICICI Lombard House, 414, Veer Savarkar Marg,     Alternate no :  86552 22666 (chargeable)  
New Linking Road, Malad (West)               Near Siddhi Vinayak Temple, Prabhadevi,                E-mail           : customersupport@icicilombard.com 
Mumbai - 400 064                                       Mumbai 400 025                                                        Website        : www.icicilombard.com 
the  policy  period,  the  policy  shall  terminate  and  can  be 
renewed  within  the  Grace  Period  of  30  days  to  maintain 
continuity of benefits without break in policy. Coverage is not 
available during the grace period. No loading shall apply on 
renewals based on individual claims experience 
b) The policy may be renewed by mutual consent and in 
such  event  the  renewal  premium  shall  be  paid  to  the 
Company on or before the date of expiry of the previous year 
policy  and  in  no  case  later  than  Grace  Period  of  30  days 
from  the  expiry  of  the  Policy  However,  risk  coverage  shall 
not be available for such a period. 
24. Moratorium Period 
 
After completion of eight continuous years under the policy no 
look back to be applied. This period of eight years is called as 
moratorium period. The moratorium would be applicable for the 
sums insured of the first policy and subsequently completion of 
8   continuous   years   would   be   applicable   from   date   of 
enhancement of sums insured only on the enhanced limits. After 
the expiry of Moratorium Period no health insurance claim shall 
be   contestable   except   for   proven   fraud   and   permanent 
exclusions  specified  in the  policy  contract.  The  policies  would 
however  be  subject  to  all  limits,  sub  limits,  co-payments, 
deductibles  as  per  the  policy  contract.  The  policies  would 
however be subject to all limits, sub limits, co- payments as per 
the policy. 
 
25. Policy Disputes  
 
Any   dispute   concerning   the   interpretation   of   the   terms, 
conditions,  limitations  and/or  exclusions  contained  herein  is 
understood   and   agreed  to  by   both   the   Insured  and   the 
Company  to  be  subject  to  Indian  Law.  Each  party  agrees  to 
submit  to  the jurisdiction  of  the  Courts in  India  and  to  comply 
with   all   requirements   necessary   to   give   such   Court   the 
jurisdiction.  All matters arising  hereunder  shall  be  determined 
in accordance with the law and practice of such Court. 
26. Cause of Action/ Currency for Payments 
 
No Claims shall be payable under this policy unless the cause 
of action arises in India, unless otherwise specifically provided 
in Part (c to g) of the Schedule to this policy. All claims shall be 
payable in India in Indian Rupees only. 
27. Withdrawal of Policy- 
In the likelihood of this product being withdrawn in future, the 
Company  will  intimate  the  insured  person  about  the  same 90 
days prior to expiry of the policy. Insured Person will have the 
option to migrate to similar health insurance product available 
with  the  Company  at the time  of  renewal  with  all  the  accrued 
continuity benefits such as cumulative bonus, waiver of waiting 
period. As per IRDAI guidelines, provided the policy has been 
maintained without a break. 
g. Other terms & conditions:  
1. SCOPE OF COVER 
The  Company  hereby  agrees  subject  to  the  terms,  conditions 
and exclusions herein contained or otherwise expressed herein, 
that, if during the policy period stated in Part (a) of the Policy, 
any  Insured  Person  shall  contract  any  disease  or  suffer  from 
Any  One  Illness or  sustain  any  bodily  injury  through  accident, 
and if such disease, illness, accident or injury shall require any 
such Insured Person, upon the advice of a Medical Practitioner 
to incur Hospitalisation or Domiciliary Hospitalisation expenses 
or Outpatient department expenses as stated in Part (a) of the 
Policy, the Company will pay to the Insured Person, the amount 
of  such expenses as are  reasonably  and  necessarily  incurred 
thereof,  by  or  on  behalf  of  such  Insured  Person but  not 
exceeding the sum insured for the person as mentioned in the 
Part  (a) of  the  Policy  hereto,  to  the  extent  and  the  manner 
hereinafter provided. The Company would be liable for the add-
on  coverage's  mentioned  in Part  (a) of  the  Policy  only  if  the 
Insured purchases the same in terms of the policy. 
2. CLAIM ADMINISTRATION 
The  fulfilment  of  the  terms  and  conditions  of  this  Policy 
(including payment of premium by the due dates mentioned in 
the  Policy  Schedule)  insofar  as  they  relate    to  anything  to  be 
done or complied with by each of the insured shall be conditions 
precedent to admission of the Company's liability. Further, upon 
the discovery or happening of any Illness or Injury that may give 
rise to a Claim under this Policy, then as a condition precedent 
to  the  admission    of  the  Company's  liability,  the  insured  shall 
undertake the following: 
1. Claims Procedure 
a. For  Cashless  Settlement  
Cashless  treatment  is  only  available  at  a  Network  Provider 
(List of Network Providers is available at our website). In order 
to  avail  of cashless  treatment,  the  following  procedure  must 
be followed by the insured: 
Pre-authorization  
Prior to taking treatment and/or incurring Medical Expenses at 
a Network Provider, the insured must contact the company or 
the TPA accompanied with full particulars namely, 
i. Policy Number, 
ii. Name of the insured, 
iii. Your relationship with Policy Holder,  
iv. Nature of Illness or Injury, name and 
v.  address  of  the  Medical  Practitioner/Hospital  and  any 
other information that may be relevant to the Illness/ Injury/ 
Hospitalization. 
Request for pre- authorisation should be received at least 48 
hours  before  a  planned  Hospitalization  and  in  case  of  an 
emergency  situation,  within  24  hours  of  Hospitalization.  To 
avail   of   Cashless   Hospitalization   facility,   the   insured   is 
required  to  produce  the  health  card,  as  provided  to  him/her 
with  this  Policy,  subject  to  the  terms  and  conditions  for  the 
usage of the said health card. The request of insured shall be 
considered  after  having  obtained  accurate  and  complete 
information   for   the   Illness   or   Injury   for   which   cashless 

 
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited 
IRDA Reg. No. 115                                    CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408                              UIN     : ICIHLGP21381V052021     Group Health (Floater) Insurance 
Mailing Address:                                       Registered Office Address:                                    Toll free no   : 1800 2666 
601 & 602, 6th Floor, Interface 16,             ICICI Lombard House, 414, Veer Savarkar Marg,     Alternate no :  86552 22666 (chargeable)  
New Linking Road, Malad (West)               Near Siddhi Vinayak Temple, Prabhadevi,                E-mail           : customersupport@icicilombard.com 
Mumbai - 400 064                                       Mumbai 400 025                                                        Website        : www.icicilombard.com 
hospitalization  facility  is  sought  by  the  insured  and  the 
Company will confirm the request in writing. 
b. For Reimbursement  Settlement  
(i) All  claims  have  to  be  intimated  48  hours  prior  to 
hospitalization or within 24 hours post admission in case of 
emergency for prompt settlement of claims. 
(ii) The insured shall give notice to the TPA by calling the 
toll  free  number  as  specified  in  the  Policy  provided  to  the 
insured  and  also  in  writing  at the  Company's  address  with 
particulars as below: 
 Policy number; 
 Name of the insured; 
 Relationship of the proposer with the Policyholder; 
 Nature of Illness or Injury; 
 Name   and   address   of   the   attending   Medical 
Practitioner and the Hospital; 
 Any other information that may be relevant to the   
Illness / Injury/Hospitalisation 
 
(iii) The procedure for lodging the claim shall be as under: 
Upon the happening of any event giving rise or likely to give 
rise to a claim under this policy: 
a) The  Insured  shall give  immediate  notice  thereof  in 
writing to the Company. 
b) The  Insured  shall  deliver  to  the  Company,  within  30 
days from the date of completion of treatment, a detailed 
statement  in  writing  as  per  the  claim  form  together  with 
bills, vouchers and any other material particular, relevant 
to the making of such claim. 
c) The   Insured   shall   tender   to   the   Company   all 
reasonable    information,    assistance    and    proofs    in 
connection with any claim hereunder. 
2. Basis of assessment of claims  
a) Basis of assessment of the claim shall be as under: 
The benefit payable shall be such expenses reasonably and 
necessarily incurred by or on behalf of the Insured Person 
under  the  following  categories  but  not  exceeding  the  Sum 
Insured  in  respect  of  such  Insured  person  as  specified  in 
Part (a) of the Policy. 
Heads of compensation payable: 
(i) Room  and  Boarding  Expenses  as  incurred  at  the 
Hospital/ Nursing Home; 
(ii) Nursing Expenses; 
(iii) Fee     paid     to     Medical     Practitioner,     Surgeon,            
Anaesthetics, Consultants and Specialist  
(iv) Anaesthesia,   Blood,   Oxygen,   Operation   Theatre 
Charges,   Surgical   Appliances,   Medicines   & drugs, 
Diagnostic Materials and X - Ray, Dialysis, chemotherapy, 
Radiotherapy, Cost of Pacemaker, Artificial Limbs & Cost 
of Organs and similar expenses; and /or 
(v) Pre Hospitalisation and Post Hospitalisation expenses, 
wherever applicable. 
b. Claim documents: 
The Insured shall be required to furnish the following for or in 
support of a claim: 
(i) Duly completed claim form signed by the insured 
(ii) Original bills, receipts and discharge certificate/card from 
the Hospital 
(iii) Original   bills   from   Chemists   supported   by   proper 
prescription 
(iv)  Original investigation test reports and payment receipts 
(iv) Indoor case papers 
(v) Medical Practitioner's referral letter advising 
Hospitalization in non-Accident cases 
(vi) Account   details   for   Electronic   Fund   Transfer   (EFT 
mandate form and cancelled cheque) 
(viii) Any other document as required by the Company or the 
TPA  to  investigate  the  Claim  or  the  Company's 
obligation to make payment for it. 
3. Notices  
Any notice, direction or instruction given under this policy shall 
be in writing to: 
 In  case  of  the  Insured,  at  the  address  specified  in 
Part (a) of the Policy. 
 In case of the Company: 
ICICI  Lombard  General  Insurance  Company  Limited  ICICI 
Lombard House,  414,  Veer  Savarkar  Marg,  Near  Siddhi 
Vinayak Temple,Prabhadevi, Mumbai 400025 
Notice  and  instructions  will  be  deemed  served  7  days  after 
posting  or  immediately  upon  receipt  in  the  case  of  hand 
delivery or e-mail. 
 4. Customer Service  
If   at   any   time the   Insured   requires  any   clarification   or 
assistance,   the   Insured   may   contact   the   offices   of   the 
Company  at  the  address  specified,  during  normal  business 
hours. 
5. Redressal of Grievance- 
In case of any grievance, the insured person may contact the 
company through Website: www.icicilombard.com 
Toll Free:  1800 2666 
E-Mail: "customersupport@icicilombard.com" 
Courier: ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited.  
ICICI Lombard House, 414, Veer Savarkar Marg, 
Near Siddhi Vinayak Temple, Prabhadevi,Mumbai- 400025. 

 
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited 
IRDA Reg. No. 115                                    CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408                              UIN     : ICIHLGP21381V052021     Group Health (Floater) Insurance 
Mailing Address:                                       Registered Office Address:                                    Toll free no   : 1800 2666 
601 & 602, 6th Floor, Interface 16,             ICICI Lombard House, 414, Veer Savarkar Marg,     Alternate no :  86552 22666 (chargeable)  
New Linking Road, Malad (West)               Near Siddhi Vinayak Temple, Prabhadevi,                E-mail           : customersupport@icicilombard.com 
Mumbai - 400 064                                       Mumbai 400 025                                                        Website        : www.icicilombard.com 
insured person may also approach the grievance cell at any 
of  the  company's  branches  with  the  details  of  grievance  lf 
insured person is not satisfied with the redressal of grievance 
through  one  of  the  above methods,  insured  person  may 
contact the grievance officer at Manager- Service Quality, 
Corporate   Manager- Service   Quality,   National   Manager- 
Operations    &    finally    Director-services    and    Business 
development at the following address: 
ICICI  Lombard  General  Insurance  Company  Limited,  ICICI 
Lombard  House, 414,  Veer  Savarkar  Marg,  Near  Siddhi 
Vinayak Temple, Prabhadevi, Mumbai- 400025 
For  updated  details  of  grievance  officer,  kindly  refer  the  link: 
https://www.icicilombard.com/grievance-redressal 
If insured person is not satisfied with the redressal of grievance 
through above methods, the insured person may also approach 
the   office   of insurance Ombudsman   of   the   respective 
area/region   for   redressal   of   grievance   as   per insurance 
Ombudsman Rules 2017. 
Grievance may  also be  lodged  at  IRDAI integrated Grievance 
Management System 
- https:/ligms. irda.qov. in/ 
If the issue still remains unresolved, the insured may, subject to 
vested  jurisdiction,  approach  Insurance  Ombudsman  for  the 
redressal of the grievance. 
The details of Insurance Ombudsman are available below:- 
S 
no. 
Name of office of insurance 
Ombudsman 
Territorial Area of 
jurisdiction 
1 
AHMEDABAD - Shri Kuldip 
Singh 
Office of the Insurance 
Ombudsman, Jeevan Prakash 
Building, 6th floor, 
Tilak Marg, Relief Road,  
Ahmedabad – 380 001. Tel.: 
079 - 25501201/02/05/06  
Email: 
bimalokpal.ahmedabad@cioins
.co.in 
Gujarat, Dadra & 
Nagar Haveli, 
Daman and Diu. 
2 
BENGALURU - Mr Vipin 
Anand 
Office of the Insurance 
Ombudsman,  
Jeevan Soudha Building,PID 
No. 57-27- 
N-19  
Ground Floor, 19/19, 24th Main 
Road,  
JP Nagar, Ist Phase,  
Bengaluru – 560 078.  
Tel.: 080 - 26652048 / 
26652049  
Email: 
bimalokpal.bengaluru@cioins.c
o.in 
Karnataka 
3 
BHOPAL - Shri R. M. Singh 
Office of the Insurance 
Ombudsman,  
Madhya Pradesh  
Chattisgarh. 
Janak Vihar Complex, 2nd 
Floor,  
6, Malviya Nagar, Opp. Airtel 
Office,  
Near New Market,  
Bhopal – 462 003.  
Tel.: 0755 - 2769201 / 2769202  
Email: 
bimalokpal.bhopal@cioins.co.in 
4 
BHUBANESHWAR - Shri 
Suresh Chandra Panda 
Office of the Insurance 
Ombudsman,  
62, Forest park,  
Bhubneshwar – 751 009.  
Tel.: 0674 - 2596461 /2596455  
Email: 
bimalokpal.bhubaneswar@cioi
ns.co.in 
Orissa. 
5 
CHANDIGARH -Mr Atul 
Jerath 
Office of the Insurance 
Ombudsman,  
S.C.O. No. 101, 102 & 103, 
2nd Floor,  
Batra Building, Sector 17 – D,  
Chandigarh – 160 017.  
Tel.: 0172 - 2706196 / 2706468  
Email: 
bimalokpal.chandigarh@cioins.
co.in 
Punjab,  
Haryana,  
Himachal 
Pradesh,  
Jammu & 
Kashmir,  
Chandigarh.  
6 
CHENNAI - Shri Segar 
Sampathkumar 
Office of the Insurance 
Ombudsman,  
Fatima Akhtar Court, 4th Floor, 
453,  
Anna Salai, Teynampet,  
CHENNAI – 600 018.  
Tel.: 044 - 24333668 / 
24335284  
Email: 
bimalokpal.chennai@cioins.co.i
n 
Tamil Nadu,  
Pondicherry 
Town and  
Karaikal (which 
are part of  
Pondicherry). 
7 
DELHI - Shri Sudhir Krishna 
Office of the Insurance 
Ombudsman,  
2/2 A, Universal Insurance 
Building,  
Asaf Ali Road,  
New Delhi – 110 002.  
Tel.: 011 - 23232481/23213504  
Email: 
bimalokpal.delhi@cioins.co.in 
Delhi 
8 
GUWAHATI - Shri Somnath 
Ghosh 
Office of the Insurance 
Ombudsman,  
Jeevan Nivesh, 5th Floor,  
Nr. Panbazar over bridge, S.S. 
Road,  
Guwahati – 781001(ASSAM).  
Tel.: 0361 - 2632204 / 2602205  
Email: 
bimalokpal.guwahati@cioins.co
.in 
Assam,  
Meghalaya,  
Manipur,  
Mizoram,  
Arunachal 
Pradesh,  
Nagaland and 
Tripura. 

 
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited 
IRDA Reg. No. 115                                    CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408                              UIN     : ICIHLGP21381V052021     Group Health (Floater) Insurance 
Mailing Address:                                       Registered Office Address:                                    Toll free no   : 1800 2666 
601 & 602, 6th Floor, Interface 16,             ICICI Lombard House, 414, Veer Savarkar Marg,     Alternate no :  86552 22666 (chargeable)  
New Linking Road, Malad (West)               Near Siddhi Vinayak Temple, Prabhadevi,                E-mail           : customersupport@icicilombard.com 
Mumbai - 400 064                                       Mumbai 400 025                                                        Website        : www.icicilombard.com 
9 
HYDERABAD - Shri N. 
Sankaran 
Office of the Insurance 
Ombudsman,  
6-2-46, 1st floor, "Moin Court",  
Lane Opp. Saleem Function 
Palace,  
A. C. Guards, Lakdi-Ka-Pool,  
Hyderabad - 500 004.  
Tel.: 040 - 23312122  
Email: 
bimalokpal.hyderabad@cioins.
co.in 
 
Andhra Pradesh,  
Telangana,  
Yanam and  
part of Territory 
of Pondicherry. 
10 
JAIPUR - Shri Rajiv Dutt 
Sharma 
Office of the Insurance 
Ombudsman,  
Jeevan Nidhi – II Bldg., Gr. 
Floor,  
Bhawani Singh Marg,  
Jaipur - 302 005.  
Tel.: 0141 - 2740363  
Email: 
Bimalokpal.jaipur@cioins.co.in 
Rajasthan. 
11 
ERNAKULAM - Shri G. 
Radhakrishnan 
Office of the Insurance 
Ombudsman,  
2nd Floor, Pulinat Bldg.,  
Opp. Cochin Shipyard, M. G. 
Road,  
Ernakulam - 682 015.  
Tel.: 0484 - 2358759 / 2359338  
Email: 
bimalokpal.ernakulam@cioins.
co.in 
 
Kerala,  
Lakshadweep,  
Mahe-a part of 
Pondicherry. 
12 
KOLKATA - Shri P. K. Rath 
Office of the Insurance 
Ombudsman,  
Hindustan Bldg. Annexe, 4th 
Floor,  
4, C.R. Avenue,  
KOLKATA - 700 072.  
Tel.: 033 - 22124339 / 
22124340  
Email: 
bimalokpal.kolkata@cioins.co.i
n 
 
West Bengal,  
Sikkim,  
Andaman & 
Nicobar Islands. 
13 
LUCKNOW - 
Office of the Insurance 
Ombudsman,  
6th Floor, Jeevan Bhawan, 
Phase-II,  
Nawal Kishore Road, 
Hazratganj,  
Lucknow - 226 001.  
Tel.: 0522 - 2231330 / 2231331  
 
Email: 
bimalokpal.lucknow@cioins.co.
in 
Districts of Uttar 
Pradesh :  
Laitpur, Jhansi, 
Mahoba, 
Hamirpur,  
Banda, 
Chitrakoot, 
Allahabad,  
Mirzapur, 
Sonbhabdra, 
Fatehpur,  
Pratapgarh, 
Jaunpur,Varanas
i,  
Gazipur, Jalaun, 
Kanpur, 
Lucknow,  
Unnao, Sitapur, 
Lakhimpur, 
Bahraich,  
Barabanki, 
Raebareli, 
Sravasti,  
Gonda, 
Faizabad, 
Amethi,  
Kaushambi, 
Balrampur, Basti,  
Ambedkarnagar, 
Sultanpur,  
Maharajgang, 
Santkabirnagar,  
Azamgarh, 
Kushinagar, 
Gorkhpur,  
Deoria, Mau, 
Ghazipur, 
Chandauli,  
Ballia, 
Sidharathnagar. 
14 
MUMBAI - Shri Bharatkumar 
S. Pandya 
Office of the Insurance 
Ombudsman,  
3rd Floor, Jeevan Seva 
Annexe,  
S. V. Road, Santacruz (W),  
Mumbai - 400 054.  
Tel.:  69038821/23/24/25/26/2
7/28/28/29/30/31   
Email: 
bimalokpal.mumbai@cioins.co.i
n 
Goa,  
Mumbai 
Metropolitan 
Region  
excluding Navi 
Mumbai & 
Thane. 
15 
NOIDA - Shri Chandra 
Shekhar Prasad 
Office of the Insurance 
Ombudsman,  
Bhagwan Sahai Palace  
4th Floor, Main Road,  
Naya Bans, Sector 15,  
Distt: Gautam Buddh Nagar,  
U.P-201301. 
Tel.: 0120-2514252 / 2514253 
Email: 
bimalokpal.noida@cioins.co.in 
 
 
State of 
Uttaranchal and 
the following  
Districts of Uttar 
Pradesh:  
Agra, Aligarh, 
Bagpat, Bareilly,  
Bijnor, Budaun, 
Bulandshehar, 
Etah,  
Kanooj, Mainpuri, 
Mathura, Meerut,  
Moradabad, 
Muzaffarnagar, 
Oraiyya,  
Pilibhit, Etawah, 
Farrukhabad,  
Firozbad, 
Gautambodhana
gar,  
Ghaziabad, 
Hardoi, 
Shahjahanpur 
16 
PATNA - Shri N. K. Singh 
Office of the Insurance 
Ombudsman,  
Bihar,  
Jharkhand. 

 
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited 
IRDA Reg. No. 115                                    CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408                              UIN     : ICIHLGP21381V052021     Group Health (Floater) Insurance 
Mailing Address:                                       Registered Office Address:                                    Toll free no   : 1800 2666 
601 & 602, 6th Floor, Interface 16,             ICICI Lombard House, 414, Veer Savarkar Marg,     Alternate no :  86552 22666 (chargeable)  
New Linking Road, Malad (West)               Near Siddhi Vinayak Temple, Prabhadevi,                E-mail           : customersupport@icicilombard.com 
Mumbai - 400 064                                       Mumbai 400 025                                                        Website        : www.icicilombard.com 
2nd Floor, Lalit Bhawan, 
Bailey Road, 
Patna 800 001. 
Tel.: 0612-2547068  
Email: 
bimalokpal.patna@cioins.co.in 
 
17 
PUNE - Shri Vinay Sah 
Office of the Insurance 
Ombudsman,  
Jeevan Darshan Bldg., 3rd 
Floor,  
C.T.S. No.s. 195 to 198,  
N.C. Kelkar Road, Narayan 
Peth,  
Pune – 411 030.  
Tel.: 020-41312555  
Email: 
bimalokpal.pune@cioins.co.in 
Maharashtra,  
Area of Navi 
Mumbai and 
Thane  
excluding 
Mumbai 
Metropolitan  
Region. 
 
The updated details of Insurance Ombudsman are available on 
IRDA  website:  www.irdaindia.org,  on  the  website  of  General 
Insurance  Council: www.gbic.co.in,  website  of  the  Company 
www.icicilombard.com  or  can  be  obtained  from  any  of  the 
offices of the Company. 
Statutory Warning: Prohibition of Rebates (Under Section 41 of 
Insurance  Act, 1938)  as  amended  by  the  Insurance  Laws 
(Amendment) Act, 2015. 
1) No person shall allow or offer to allow, either directly or 
indirectly as an inducement to any person to take out or renew 
or continue an insurance in respect of any kind of  risk relating 
to lives or property, in India, any rebate of the whole or part of 
the commission payable or any rebate of the premium shown 
on the policy, nor shall any person taking out or renewing or 
continuing a Policy accept any rebate, except such rebate as 
may    be    allowed    in    accordance    with    the    published 
prospectuses or tables of the Insurer. 
2) Any  person  making  default  in  complying  with  the 
provisions of  this section  shall  be  liable  for  a penalty,  which 
may extended to ten lakh rupees. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 